>> SO WE ARE VERY PROUD --
VERY, VERY PROUD -- ACTIVE
MANAGERS.
THROUGH CREDITS, RATES,
DIFFERENT SECTORS, WE ARE ABLE
TO BE BENCHMARKS.
IF YOU WANT TO BE AN INVESTOR,
MAKE SURE YOU ARE VERY CURIOUS.
MAKE SURE YOU ARE CONSTANTLY
LEARNING.
MAKE SURE YOU ARE LEARNING THE
SKILLS OF THE FUTURE.
DAVID: IN A STORY OF GRIT AND
PERSISTENCE, JEAN HYNES BEGAN
HER CAREER AT WELLINGTON
MANAGEMENT NOT AS ANALYST OR
PORTFOLIO MANAGER BUT AS AN
ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT.
>> I STARTED AT THE VERY LOWEST
ART OF WELLINGTON, BUT A
RECRUITER HAD TOLD ME, DO NOT
WORRY ABOUT THE TITLE.
THIS IS A GREAT FIRM, THE
CULTURE IS AMAZING.
YOU WILL HAVE LOTS OF
OPPORTUNITY. DAVID:
THREE DECADES LATER, SHE NOW
LEADS THE ONE POINT $3 TRILLION
INVESTMENT FIRM AS CEO.
AS THE DAUGHTER OF IRISH
IMMIGRANTS, SHE WAS THE FIRST
IN HER FAMILY TO GO TO COLLEGE.
SHE GRADUATED FROM WELLESLEY
WITH A DEGREE IN ECONOMICS AND
FOUND HER WAY TO INVESTING
DURING A DIFFICULT JOB MARKET
IN THE EARLY 1990'S. JEAN:
MY FATHER WAS A BRICKLAYER AND
MY MOTHER RAISED SIX CHILDREN.
I WAS A FIRST GENERATION
COLLEGE STUDENT. DAVID:
HER BREAKTHROUGH CAME IN 1993
WHEN SHE BEGAN WORKING WITH ED
OWENS, AND LEGENDARY HEALTH
CARE INVESTOR AND HER MENTOR
FOR 20 YEARS.
>> IT WAS A MATCH MADE IN
HEAVEN.
MOST OF MY CAREER WAS FOCUSED
ON ANALYZING AND INVESTING IN
BIOTECH AND PHARMACEUTICAL
COMPANIES. DAVID:
FROM THERE, HER TRAJECTORY
ACCELERATED.
SHE BECAME A PARTNER IN NINE
YEARS, LATER LED THE HEALTH
CARE TEAM, AND IN 2014 WAS
SELECTED MANAGING PARTNER.
BY 2021, SHE HAD RISEN TO THE
TOP JOB. JEAN:
THAT WAS MY REAL JOURNEY ON
BEING A LEADER. DAVID:
TODAY, SHE LEADS A GLOBAL TEAM
OF 3000 PEOPLE, EMPHASIZING
WELLINGTON'S COLLABORATIVE
CULTURE FOCUSED ON LONG-TERM
PERFORMANCE AND EXPANSION INTO
HEDGE FUNDS AND PRIVATE
PERFORMANCE. JEAN:
THE HARD THING TO DO IS BEAT
BENCHMARKS OVER TIME.
THAT IS A VERY RARE, HIGH SKILL.
DAVID:
SHE SAYS THE BEST INVESTORS
SHARE A COMMON MINDSET DRIVEN
BY CURIOSITY, GROUNDED IN
HUMILITY, AND STRENGTHENED BY
RESILIENCE. JEAN:
WE ARE NOT A STAR CULTURE.
THE COMBINATIONS OF BEING GREAT
INVESTORS ARE BEING SUPER
CURIOUS, BEING HUMBLE, AND
BEING RESILIENT. DAVID:
FOR THOSE WHO ARE NOT THAT
FAMILIAR WITH THE FINANCIAL
WORLD, WHAT IS WELLINGTON
MANAGEMENT? JEAN:
IT IS AN INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT
FIRM.
WE MANAGE MONEY FOR A FEE FOR
OUR CLIENTS, AND WE SPECIALIZE
IN EQUITIES AND FIXED INCOME,
HEDGE FUNDS AND PRIVATES. DAVID:
YOU STARTED IN PUBLIC EQUITIES
AND THEN MAYBE FIXED INCOME,
AND PRIVATES ARE NOW MORE
RECENT? JEAN:
WHEN I JOINED IN 1991,
WELLINGTON WAS FOCUSED ON
EQUITIES AND I WOULD SAY EVEN
VALUE EQUITIES.
IF YOU THINK ABOUT MY THREE
DECADES AT WELLINGTON, IT WAS
EXPANDING IN EQUITIES THAT
FIRST DECADE, EXPANDING IN
FIXED INCOME IN THE DECADE OF
THE 2000'S, AND IN THE PAST
DECADE, WE HAVE EXPANDED INTO
-- WE HAVE BEEN IN HEDGE FUNDS
FOR 30 YEARS BUT EXPANDED OUR
HEDGE FUND FOOTPRINT AS WELL AS
BEGINNING OUR FOOTPRINT INTO
PRIVATE. DAVID:
HOW DID WELLINGTON PIVOT FROM
BEING AN EQUITY-FOCUSED FIRM TO
BEING IN FIXED INCOME AND OUT
IN PRIVATES? JEAN:
WE STARTED IN THE HEDGE FUND
BUSINESS IN 1994.
THAT WAS A VERY TALENT-BASED
BUSINESS.
SOMEONE WAS THINKING ABOUT
LEAVING WELLINGTON, AND WE
STARTED OUR HEDGE FUND BUSINESS.
DAVID:
WHAT IS THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN
RUNNING A LONG-ONLY FUND AND A
HEDGE FUND?
A HEDGE FUND YOU CAN SHORT BUT
YOU CAN ALSO CHARGE A CARRIED
INTEREST RATE. JEAN:
WHEN WE GO TO CLIENTS, OUR
HEDGE FUND PRODUCTS ARE SIMILAR
TO OTHER HEDGE FUNDS IN TERMS
OF HOW WE CHARGE A FEE.
WE CHARGE DIFFERENT FEES
DEPENDING ON THE PRODUCTS WE
HAVE.
BACK TO THE OPPORTUNITY SET, AS
A GLOBAL INDUSTRY ANALYST, I
WAS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE
OPPORTUNITY SET, WHICH MEANT I
HAD LONG POSITIONS AND I CAN
RECOMMEND PEOPLE AVOID THINGS.
DAVID: IS IT HARDER TO BEAT THE
BENCHMARK AGAINST WHICH YOU ARE
MEASURING ARE HARDER TO GET
CLIENTS?
IN OTHER WORDS, THERE IS SO
MUCH COMPETITION FOR MONEY,
THERE WAS ALSO SO MUCH
COMPETITION TO BEAT BENCHMARKS.
WHAT IS THE BIGGER CHALLENGE?
JEAN:
I THINK THE HARD THING TO DO IS
BEAT BENCHMARKS OVER TIME.
THAT IS A VERY RARE, HIGH SKILL.
DAVID COLEY WHEN YOU BEAT A
BENCHMARK, CAN YOU ADVERTISE IT
TO YOUR CLIENTS AND MORE MONEY
COMES IN, I ASSUME?
IS THERE A PROBLEM TODAY IN
FIRMS LIKE YOURS RAISING MONEY
OR THERE IS PLENTY OF MONEY
JUST A QUESTION OF WHO IS
COMPETITIVE? JEAN:
I THINK THE BAR FOR PERFORMANCE
IS VERY HIGH TODAY, MEANING IF
YOU WANT TO GROW YOUR BUSINESS,
YOU NEED TO OUTPERFORM YOUR
BENCHMARK.
TAKE A LONG-TERM VIEW SO WE
THINK ABOUT IT IN THREE AND
FIVE AND 10-YEAR PERIODS.
CAN YOU CONSISTENTLY BEAT YOUR
BENCHMARK?
WELLINGTON AS A FIRM WILL DO
WELL IF WE DO THAT.
IF 75% OF OUR STRATEGIES OVER
FIVE YEARS ARE BEATING THEIR
BENCHMARK AND A THIRD ARE IN
THEIR TOP QUARTILE, WE WILL BE
IN GREAT BUSINESS.
WE HAVE A HARD BAR FOR
DELIVERING INVESTMENT OUTCOMES
FOR OUR CLIENTS AND I THINK
THAT IS WHY WE HAVE BEEN
SUCCESSFUL OVER TIME AND GROWN
OVER TIME. DAVID:
WHAT KIND OF RATE OF RETURN DO
YOU THINK AN AVERAGE INVESTOR,
MIDDLE CLASS, SHOULD GET ON HIS
OR HER MONEY WHEN THEY PUT IT
IN A WELLINGTON ACCOUNT OR
SOMETHING LIKE IT?
WHAT DO YOU THINK PEOPLE SHOULD
BE SEEKING? JEAN:
IF YOU LOOK BACK OVER LONG
PERIODS OF TIME, EQUITIES HAVE
RETURNED 8% OR 9% ACROSS THE
WORLD, AND BONDS, FOR -- 4% OR
5%, SO DEPENDING ON YOUR
DIVERSIFICATION BETWEEN
EQUITIES AND BONDS, YOU SHOULD
EXPECT BETWEEN 5% AND 10%
RETURNS. DAVID:
TODAY YOU HAVE PRIVATES AS WELL.
THE TRADITIONAL 60% IN
EQUITIES, 40% IN BONDS.
MANY PEOPLE HAVE SHIFTED THAT
TO HAVING AS 20% IN
ALTERNATIVES.
DO YOU HAVE A GENERAL VIEW ON F
ALTERNATIVES ARE GOOD OR BAD
FOR YOUR INVESTORS?
JEAN: I THINK ALTERNATIVES ARE A
VALID SOURCE OF DIVERSIFICATION.
HEDGE FUNDS CAN BE VERY
DIVERSIFIED AND BECAUSE THEY
ARE FOCUSED ON ABSOLUTE RETURN
AND LOWER DOWNSIDE RISK FOR
THAT RETURN.
PRIVATES, I THINK, ARE A WAY TO
INVEST IN THE ECONOMY.
WHEN YOU THINK ABOUT THE
PERCENT OF THE ECONOMY TODAY
THAT ARE IN PRIVATE COMPANIES
-- AND THERE'S MANY REASONS FOR
THAT -- IT IS MUCH HIGHER THAN
IT WAS 20 YEARS AGO. DAVID:
YOUR FOCUS IS MICRO MORE THAN
MACRO, BUT I CANNOT RESIST
ASKING -- ARE YOU WORRIED ABOUT
THE DEBT OF THE UNITED STATES
GOVERNMENT?
ROUGHLY $36 TRILLION, $37
TRILLION.
JEAN:
IT IS CLEARLY SOMETHING I WORRY
ABOUT.
WHEN WE THINK ABOUT WHAT IS THE
VALUE OF THE WORLD, THAT WILL
BE TRANSLATED TO THE VALUE OF
DIFFERENT EQUITY MARKETS AROUND
THE WORLD.
THE LEVEL OF PRODUCTIVITY, THE
LEVEL OF INNOVATION, THE LEVEL
OF DEBT, GEOPOLITICS ALL PLAY A
ROLE IN THAT.
I DO THINK THAT THE LEVEL OF
DEBT IS A DAMPENING EFFECT ON
THE POTENTIAL OF THE VALUE OF
THE U.S. DAVID:
MANY YEARS AGO WHEN WELLINGTON
WAS STARTED, PEOPLE USE TO
INVEST IN EQUITIES DIRECTLY.
THE THEORY WAS A PERSON WHO IS
REALLY SMART -- LET'S SAY, LIKE
YOU IN HEALTH CARE OR MEDICAL
AREAS -- YOU COULD PICK GOOD
STOCKS COME BOTH WITHIN THE
INDEX FUND CAME ALONG AND
PEOPLE BASICALLY SAID YOU
CANNOT BEAT THE MARKET BY
HAVING GOOD STOCKS OR GOOD STOP
MANAGERS, JUST GET AN INDEX.
HOW HAS IT AFFECTED WELLINGTON?
DO YOU SUBSCRIBE TO THE VIEW
THAT YOU CANNOT BEAT THE MARKET
WITH SMART MONEY MANAGERS? JEAN:
WE ARE VERY PROUD -- VERY, VERY
PROUD -- ACTIVE MANAGERS.
WE BELIEVE IF YOU LOOK AT OUR
RESULTS OVER TIME, THROUGH
GREAT RESEARCH, CROSS CREDITS,
RATES, DIFFERENT SECTORS, THAT
WE ARE ABLE TO BEAT BENCHMARKS.
WE WOULD NOT HAVE A BUSINESS IF
WE DID NOT, BUT AT THE SAME
TIME , THE INDEX FUNDS AND
PASSIVE HAS BEEN A TOOL AND A
VERY LOW COST WAY FOR CLIENTS
AND INDIVIDUALS AROUND THE
WORLD TO INVEST, SO IT IS A
VERY VALID ASSET CLASS, BUT
THERE IS NOTHING BETTER THAN
COMPOUNDING RETURNS, SO IF WE
CAN DELIVER EXCESS RETURNS OVER
AN INDEX, THAT COMPOUNDING
EFFECT OVER YEARS IS VERY
VALUABLE. DAVID:
IF AN INDEX SAYS THE EQUITY
MARKETS ARE GOING UP FOR 6% A
YEAR, IF YOU CAN DO 8% A YEAR,
THAT IS GOOD ENOUGH TO KEEP
PEOPLE HAPPY, I ASSUME. JEAN:
IF YOU CAN DELIVER 100 BASIS
POINTS IN EQUITY A YEAR, THAT
COMPOUNDING IS SUBSTANTIAL OVER
TIME. DAVID:
IN RECENT YEARS, ONE OF THE BIG
PHENOMENA IN THE
MONEY-MANAGEMENT WORLD HAS BEEN
THE ADVENT OF SOMETHING CALLED
PRIVATE CREDIT.
THAT IS SOMETHING YOU HAVE BEEN
INVOLVED WITH FOR A LONG TIME,
BUT DO YOU INVEST IN SO-CALLED
PRIVATE CREDIT? JEAN:
THE BIG TRENDS OVER THE PAST 15
YEARS HAVE BEEN PASSIVE AND
PRIVATE.
WE JUST STARTED ABOUT TWO YEARS
AGO.
WE NOW HAVE THREE TEAMS THAT
INVEST IN CREDIT SO THAT WE ARE
BUILDING OUR PRIVATE CREDIT
CAPABILITIES. DAVID:
WHAT ABOUT ARTIFICIAL
INTELLIGENCE?
IS IT CHANGING THE MONEY
MANAGEMENT WORLD AND HOW IS IT
CHANGING YOUR OWN FIRM? JEAN:
WE ARE BEING DELIBERATE AND
INTENTIONAL ABOUT INVESTING IN
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE.
WHAT I'M EXCITED ABOUT IS WE
ARE BEGINNING TO SEE BENEFITS.
WE ARE BEGINNING TO SEE THIS
INNOVATION HAPPENING WITH OUR
EMPLOYEES CHANGING HOW THEY
WORK . FOR US AS AN INVESTMENT
MANAGEMENT COMPANY AND IF I HAD
TO SAY WHAT'S THE ONE THING
ABOUT WELLINGTON THAT IS
UNIQUE, IT IS THAT WE HAVE
ABOUT 500 PEOPLE THAT INVEST.
WE HAVE A VERY COLLABORATIVE
ECOSYSTEM. DAVID:
WHAT DO YOU SEE AS THE BIGGEST
OPPORTUNITIES FOR THE FIRM AND
THE BIGGEST CHALLENGES FOR THE
FIRM? JEAN:
YOU THINK ABOUT THE TRENDS IN
THE MARKETPLACE, WHAT CLIENTS
ARE ALLOCATING TO, THEY ARE
ALLOCATING MORE TO PRIVATE AND
MORE TAPE PASSIVE.
HOW DOES WELLINGTON CONTINUE
OUR SHIFT OVER THE NEXT DECADE
INTO ALTERNATIVE ASSET CLASSES?
WE HAVE A WHOLE ROADMAP ABOUT
HOW WE WILL EXPAND AND
ACCELERATE OUR HEDGE FUND
BUSINESS AND HOW WE WILL EXPAND
OUR PRIVATES BUSINESS, SO THAT
IS WELL UNDERWAY.
NOW WE JUST HAVE TO EXECUTE
THAT.
THE CHALLENGES ARE THE BACKDROP
OF WHERE OUR STRENGTHS ARE AND
WHERE THE MARKETS ARE MOVING
AWAY FROM.
I PERSONALLY THINK WE COULD
ALSO ENTER A PERIOD WHERE
ACTIVE EQUITIES BECOME MORE
IMPORTANT BECAUSE OF THE
CONCENTRATION IN THE MARKET.
IF THAT CONCENTRATION EVER
CHANGES, THEN ACTIVE EQUITIES
COULD BECOME MORE IMPORTANT.
ONE OF OUR BIGGEST
OPPORTUNITIES IS THE ALLIANCE
WE JUST ANNOUNCED IN APRIL AND
THE FACT OF HOW DO WE DELIVER
THE BEST OF VANGUARD,
BLACKSTONE, AND WELLINGTON
TOGETHER CAPABILITIES .
IF WE CAN PUT TOGETHER A SERIES
OF PRODUCTS OVER THE NEXT FIVE
TO 10 YEARS, I THINK THAT WILL
BE A LARGE OPPORTUNITY FOR
WELLINGTON.
I WAS JUST CONSTANTLY LEARNING.
I WAS LEARNING TO BE A GREAT
RESEARCHER.
I WAS WORKING WITH SOMEONE WHO
WAS AMAZING, AND EVENTUALLY, I
STARTED HAVING SUCCESS.
♪
DAVID:
WELLINGTON IS IN BOSTON AS HIS
FIDELITY AND A LOT OF OTHER
WELL-KNOWN MONEY MANAGEMENT
FIRMS. WHAT IS IT ABOUT BOSTON
THAT HAS MADE IT SUCH AN
ATTRACTIVE PLACE FOR MONEY
MANAGERS TO BE BASED? JEAN:
I THINK IT IS EXACTLY WHAT YOU
SAID, THE FACT THAT YOU HAVE
THIS CONCENTRATION OF STRONG
RESEARCH-BASED,
FUNDAMENTAL-BASED COMPANIES.
OURSELVES, PUTNAM, ADAGE.
THERE IS A GROUP OF COMPANIES,
SO THAT MEANT WE CONSTANTLY HAD
COMPANIES COMING INTO BOSTON.
THAT IS THE CONSTANT FLOW OF
CORPORATIONS. DAVID:
WHO STARTED WELLINGTON? JEAN:
WE ARE ABOUT TO HAVE OUR 100TH
ANNIVERSARY IN 2028.
THE FOUNDER WAS WALTER MORGAN
WHO STARTED THE FIRST BALANCE
MUTUAL FUND.
THAT IS THE WELLINGTON FUND
THAT WE MANAGE, AND THAT IS A
FUND ADMINISTERED BY VANGUARD.
DAVID: LET'S TALK ABOUT YOUR OWN
BACKGROUND FOR A MOMENT.
WHERE DID YOU GROW UP? JEAN:
I GREW UP IN A TOWN JUST SOUTH
OF BOSTON CALLED MILTON.
MY PARENTS ARE IMMIGRANTS.
THEY BOTH CAME FROM IRELAND IN
THE 1950'S.
MY FATHER WAS A BRICKLAYER, AND
MY MOTHER RAISED SIX CHILDREN,
SO, REALLY, I WAS A FIRST
GENERATION COLLEGE STUDENT.
DAVID: WHEN YOU WERE APPLYING TO
COLLEGE, WHERE DID YOU WANT TO
GO? JEAN:
I ENDED UP GOING TO WELLESLEY.
I GOT ALMOST AN ENTIRE
SCHOLARSHIP TO GO.
I REMEMBER HAVING A
CONVERSATION WITH MY MOTHER AND
FATHER, AND IT WAS ABOUT $3000
OR $4000.
THAT WAS AT LOT OF MONEY FOR A
BRICKLAYER RAISING A FAMILY OF
SIX CHILDREN, BUT THEY KNEW
THAT WELLESLEY WOULD OPEN DOORS
FOR ME. DAVID:
WHAT DID YOU MAJOR IN? JEAN:
I MAJORED IN ECONOMICS.
IT WAS AN ALL WOMEN'S COLLEGE.
ECONOMICS WAS ONE OF THE
LARGEST MAJORS AT THE TIME.
MY MOTHER BEING FROM AN
IMMIGRANT FAMILY, THEY DID NOT
KNOW WHAT ECONOMICS WAS, SO
THEY KIND OF STEERED ME TOWARDS
COMPUTER SCIENCE. DAVID:
YOU GOT A JOB AT WELLINGTON.
DID YOUR PARENTS UNDERSTAND
WHAT IT WAS?
DID YOU TELL THEM IT WAS A
GREAT JOB? JEAN:
MY PARENTS DID NOT UNDERSTAND
WHAT IT WAS, BUT I WAS VERY
INTERESTED IN THE BUSINESS.
I STARTED AS AN ADMINISTRATIVE
ASSISTANT.
I STARTED AT THE LOWEST PART OF
WELLINGTON, BUT A RECRUITER
TOLD ME, DON'T WORRY ABOUT THE
TITLE. THIS IS A GREAT FIRM.
THE CULTURE WAS AMAZING.
YOU WILL HAVE AT LOT OF
OPPORTUNITY. DAVID:
WAS IT FILLED WITH WOMEN WITH
SENIOR POSITIONS AT THE TIME?
JEAN:
IF YOU GO BACK TO THE INDUSTRY
DAVID:
AT WHAT POINT ARE YOU THERE
SAYING I COULD BE THE CEO? JEAN:
PROBABLY AROUND 2008, I WAS A
BIG -- I WAS VERY INTERESTED IN
LEADERSHIP.
THERE IS A BIG GAP BETWEEN
BEING CEO AND BEING INTERESTED
IN LEADERSHIP.
I STARTED BEING ASKED TO BE ON
COMMITTEES.
I MOVED MY FAMILY TO LONDON IN
2007 AS WE WERE GLOBALIZING OUR
INVESTMENT PLATFORM.
WHEN I THINK ABOUT THAT PERIOD
OF TIME, THAT WAS MY REAL
JOURNEY ON BEING A LEADER.
DAVID:
YOU COME BACK EVENTUALLY FROM
LONDON.
HOW MANY YEARS BEFORE YOU
BECAME CEO? JEAN:
I BECAME TEAM LEADER OF THE
HEALTH CARE TEAM, LIKE RUNNING
A BUSINESS IN WELLINGTON.
I BECAME A MANAGING PARTNER.
WELLINGTON IS A PRIVATE
PARTNERSHIP.
WE ARE GOVERNED BY THREE
MANAGING PARTNERS.
I WAS ELECTED A MANAGING
PARTNER BY OUR PARTNERSHIP IN
2014. DAVID:
WHEN YOU MEET CLIENTS AROUND
THE WORLD, DO THEY ASK YOU
WHERE THE ECONOMY IS GOING BACK
ON WHAT DO THEY WANT TO KNOW
MOST ABOUT? JEAN:
I THINK WHAT THEY WANT TO KNOW
MOST ABOUT BECAUSE THEY KNOW MY
AREAS OF EXPERTISE IS WHAT ARE
YOUR INVESTORS SAYING ABOUT THE
WORLD?
THEY ARE INTERESTED IN THAT AND
ALSO VERY INTERESTED IN TRENDS,
LIKE WHAT OTHER CLIENTS ARE
THINKING ABOUT.
WE HAVE LOTS OF DISCUSSIONS
ABOUT WHAT AREAS OF THE MARKET
ARE MOST INTERESTING, WHERE ARE
THE AREAS OF OPPORTUNITY, WHAT
IS OUR PRODUCT CAPABILITY, AND,
YOU KNOW, WHAT ARE OTHER
CLIENTS INTERESTED IN DOING AS
WELL. DAVID:
YOU ARE NOT MAKING THE
DAY-TO-DAY INVESTMENT
DECISIONS, BUT HOW DO YOU KEEP
UP WITH WHAT YOUR INVESTMENT
PROFESSIONALS ARE DOING?
HOW DO YOU DEAL WITH INVESTMENT
PROFESSIONALS OR DOES SOMEONE
ELSE DO THAT? JEAN:
WE HAVE A MANAGEMENT TEAM THAT
MANAGES OUR INVESTORS, BUT IS
MANAGING PARTNER, ARE
RESPONSIBLE FOR THE
COMPENSATION OF ALL OUR
PARTNERS OR MANAGING DIRECTORS.
I STUDY OUR INDIVIDUAL
INVESTORS ' PERFORMANCE QUITE
INTENSELY, PARTICULARLY AT OUR
YEAR-END CONVERSATION PROCESS,
SO I FEEL IT IS IMPORTANT TO
STAY CONNECTED TO THE
INVESTMENT PROCESS AND
CONNECTED TO THE TALENT.
WE ARE A TALENT ORGANIZATION.
IF YOU WANT TO BE AN INVESTOR,
MAKE SURE YOU ARE VERY CURIOUS.
MAKE SURE YOU ARE CONSTANTLY
LEARNING.
MAKE SURE YOU ARE LEARNING THE
SKILLS OF THE FUTURE.
♪
DAVID: SOME PEOPLE IN THE
MONEY-MANAGEMENT WORLD SAY THEY
ARE DOING GOOD THINGS FOR THE
WORLD. OTHER PEOPLE NOT IN THE
MONEY-MANAGEMENT WORLD SAY ALL
YOU ARE DOING IS GETTING RICH
PEOPLE -- MAKING THEM WEALTHIER.
HOW DO YOU SAY TO PEOPLE WHO
ARE JOINING YOUR FIRM IN THE
MONEY-MANAGEMENT WORLD YOU ARE
DOING SOME THINGS THAT ARE
SOCIALLY PRODUCTIVE AND USEFUL?
JEAN:
OUR MISSION AND PURPOSE AS A
COMPANY AND INDUSTRY I THINK IS
UNDERAPPRECIATED.
WHAT WE DO FOR OUR CLIENTS IS
HELPING THEIR BENEFICIARIES.
WE ARE ALLOCATING CAPITAL TO
THE WORLD, RIGHT?
IF WE DO A GOOD JOB, OUR NUMBER
ONE MISSION IS OUTCOMES FOR
CLIENTS. A SECONDARY MISSION IS
ALLOCATING CAPITAL SO THE WORLD
CAN GROW AND BE INNOVATIVE.
DAVID:
IF SOMEONE CAME TO YOU AND
SAID, I HAVE $1 MILLION AND I
DO NOT KNOW WHAT TO DO WITH IT.
WHAT DO YOU TELL PEOPLE TO DO?
JEAN:
I THINK MOST IMPORTANTLY, IT IS
HOW YOU GOT ACCESS TO THE
ECONOMY.
DEPENDING ON IF YOU WANT INCOME
AND DIVERSIFICATION, BUT IN THE
END, YOU ARE INVESTING IN THE
GROWTH OF THE WORLD AND THE
ECONOMY OF THE WORLD, SO HOW DO
YOU FIND THOSE AVENUES SO YOU
CAN BENEFIT FROM THAT
INNOVATION. DAVID:
WHAT IS THE BEST ADVICE YOU
EVER RECEIVED FROM SOMEONE
ABOUT HOW TO INVEST? JEAN:
I THINK IT IS ADVICE AND ALSO
OSMOSIS OF WORKING WITH ED
OWENS FOR SO LONG.
HE WAS INK -- HE WAS AN
INCREDIBLY VORACIOUS LEARNER.
JUST CONSTANTLY LEARNING.
THAT WOULD BE ONE.
HE WAS ALSO JUST VERY HUMBLE.
ONE OF THE THINGS WE SAY AT
INTELLIGENCE AND HOW TO USE
DATA .
MAKE SURE YOU ARE BUILDING
SKILL SETS THAT ARE IMPORTANT,
LIKE KNOWING WHO YOU ARE,
KNOWING WHAT YOUR STRENGTHS ARE.
TAKE FEEDBACK.
THAT'S THE ONE THING I TELL MY
CHILDREN.
TAKE FEEDBACK AT AN EARLY AGE.
LEARN HOW TO GIVE FEEDBACK,
LEARN HOW TO TAKE FEEDBACK.
♪
MATT:
COMING UP, IT IS THE DAVOS OF
THE AUTOMOTIVE WORLD.
>> I DON'T THINK THERE IS A
BETTER WAY TO PROMOTE YOUR
BRAND.
>> TO WIN HERE, I THINK IT IS
BIGGER.
>> ONE WORD. PERFORM. MATT:
BLOOMBERG'S "HOT PURSUIT"
GOES INSIDE THE ACTION, GIVING
YOU EXCLUSIVE ACCESS TO THE
WORLD'S MOST GRUELING ENDURANCE
RACE.
WELCOME TO THE 24 HOURS OF LE
MANS.
WELCOME TO A SPECIAL EDITION OF
"HOT PURSUIT."
I'M MATT MILLER, ALONG WITH
HANNAH ELLIOTT. HANNAH:
WE ARE IN LE MANS, FRANCE FOR
THE LEGENDARY 24 HOURS OF LE
MANS, ONE OF THE MOST
PRESTIGIOUS, CHALLENGING, AND
HISTORICALLY SIGNIFICANT RACES
IN MOTORSPORTS. MATT:
LE MANS ISN'T JUST ABOUT SPEED.
IT'S ABOUT SURVIVAL.
THE 24 HOURS OF LE MANS IS PART
OF THE AUTOMOTIVE TRIPLE CROWN,
ALONGSIDE THE MONACO GRAND PRIX
AND THE INDIANAPOLIS 500.
IT IS A GRUELING ENDURANCE TEST
THAT HAS ATTRACTED TOP-LEVEL
EXECUTIVES AND BUSINESS TITANS
AS A DESTINATION FOR NETWORKING
AND DEALMAKING.
THOSE PILOTS WHO SURVIVE TO
CROSS THE FINISH LINE WIN
SPORTING GLORY AND A PERMANENT
PLACE IN THE HISTORY BOOKS.
HANNAH:
FOR OVER A CENTURY, LE MANS HAS
BEEN THE ULTIMATE PROVING
GROUND FOR WHAT CARS AND CAR
COMPANIES ARE MADE OF. MATT:
WE SAT DOWN WITH FORD CEO JIM
FARLEY AND ASTON MARTIN CEO
ADRIAN HALLMARK TO TALK ABOUT
THE ROI OF MOTORSPORT. JIM:
FOR US, THE BIGGEST IS OFF-ROAD
MARKET.
YOU KNOW, WE HAVE ALMOST 20% OF
OUR GLOBAL PROFIT COME FROM OUR
ENTHUSIAST OFF-ROAD PRODUCTS.
AND WE RACE AT BAJA.
THAT IS A BIG THING.
I DON'T THINK THERE IS A BETTER
WAY TO PROMOTE YOUR BRAND.
LOOK WHAT FORD WINNING IN 1966
AT LE MANS DID FOR FORD MOTOR
COMPANY.
IT MADE US A GLOBAL COMPANY.
WE ARE AN AMERICAN COMPANY, BUT
THAT MOMENT CHANGED US
COMPLETELY.
AND THAT IS WHY WE ARE GOING
BACK IN 2027 TO TAKE ON FERRARI
AND TAKE ON PORSCHE.
WE THINK WE HAVE THE TECHNOLOGY.
ALSO, THE TECH TRANSFER.
SOFTWARE, BATTERY TECH.
AERODYNAMICS.
IT IS DIFFERENT THAN THE
1970'S, BUT THE TECH TRANSFER
OVER TO OUR ROAD CARS IS
IMMEDIATE.
YOU WILL SEE HUNDREDS OF FORD
ENGINEERS HERE WHO WILL BE
WORKING ON MONDAY ON OUR ROAD
CARS.
AND IT IS REALLY IMPORTANT TECH
TRANSFER.
BUT WE DO IT, I THINK, AS SMART
AS WE CAN, AND MAYBE AS A RACER
I'M MORE SENSITIVE ABOUT
WASTING MONEY ON RACING.
AND WE CHALLENGE OURSELVES TO
BE REALLY SMART.
I THINK WE HAVE DONE A GREAT
JOB WITH OFF-ROAD.
THE RAPTORS, THE TREMORS, ALL
OF THE BRONCOS.
I THINK THAT HAS BEEN, FRANKLY,
SOME OF THE SMARTEST INVESTMENT
WE HAD IN RACING. MATT:
YOU SAY YOU ARE AN AMERICAN
COMPANY. YOU TOUTED YOURSELF AS
LITERALLY THE MOST AMERICAN
CARMAKER.
80% OF THE CARS YOU SELL IN
AMERICA ARE MADE THERE.
DONALD TRUMP WAS SAYING MAYBE
HE IS GOING TO GO AFTER EVEN
HIGHER AUTO TARIFFS.
WHILE YOU HAVE SAID IN THE PAST
THAT CAUSES COST AND CHAOS,
DOES IT ALSO KIND OF HELP YOU?
BECAUSE NO ONE ELSE MAKES AS
MANY CARS AS YOU DO IN AMERICA.
JIM:
FOR FORD, THIS IS A MOMENT FOR
US. WE HAVE EMPLOYEE PRICING, WE
GAIN A COUPLE OF POINTS A SHARE
YEAR-OVER-YEAR.
A LOT OF AMERICANS SHOP FORD,
BECAUSE THEY ARE STARTING TO
THINK, HEY, HALF THE CARS IN
THE U.S. ARE IMPORTED.
AND IF ALL THE CAR COMPANIES
WERE LIKE FORD, THERE WOULD BE
15 NEW FACTORIES IN THE U.S., A
MILLION NEW JOBS.
YOU KNOW, I THINK A LOT OF
AMERICANS ARE STARTING TO PAY
ATTENTION TO WHERE THESE CARS
COME FROM.
AND FOR US, YES, I THINK DONALD
TRUMP'S POLICIES, ESPECIALLY
AROUND ASIAN COUNTRIES WHERE,
YOU KNOW, THEY HAVE SUPPORTED
WITH SUBSIDIES, DIRECT OR
INDIRECT, FOR THEIR AUTOMOBILE
INDUSTRY, YOU KNOW, THIS IS A
GREAT THING.
WE HAVE TO SORT OUT THIS
MEXICO-CANADA THING, BECAUSE WE
NEED TO KEEP VEHICLES
AFFORDABLE IN THE U.S., AND
THERE IS ACTUALLY A LOT OF
PARTS WE CAN'T EVEN MAKE IN THE
U.S.
SO WE HAVE TO SORT OUT, WHAT
ROLE DOES MEXICO AND CANADA
HAVE IN OUR NORTH AMERICA
MARKET FROM A SUPPLY CHAIN AND
MANUFACTURING, KEEP THE
VEHICLES AFFORDABLE?
THAT IS SOMETHING WE'RE TALKING
IN THE ADMINISTRATION.
WE FOUND THE ADMINISTRATION TO
BE VERY POSITIVE TO WORK WITH.
THEY WANT TO HELP COMPANIES
LIKE FORD THAT DID THE RIGHT
THING FOR AMERICANS.
BUT WE HAVE MORE WORK TO DO.
MATT: IN TERMS OF WHAT THE
ADMINISTRATION HAS BEEN TRYING
TO DO WITH CHINA, ARE YOU
SATISFIED WITH THE RARE EARTH
MINERALS THAT YOU HAVE ACCESS
TO? I KNOW YOU HAD TO SLOW DOWN
PRODUCTION IN THE PAST. JIM:
YES. MATT:
HAVE YOU BEEN ABLE TO SECURE
THE AMOUNT OF MAGNETS YOU NEED?
JIM: IT IS DAY TO DAY.
IT IS DAY TO DAY.
THESE HIGH-POWERED MAGNETS, THE
RAW MATERIALS FOR THEM ONLY
COME FROM CERTAIN PLACES IN THE
WORLD. THEY ARE ALL PROCESSED IN
CHINA.
AND THEY GO IN YOUR SPEAKERS
AND YOUR AUDIO SYSTEM, AND YOUR
MOTORS FOR YOUR WIPERS AND YOUR
SEATS.
THEY ARE ALL OVER OUR F-150.
WE HAVE APPLICATIONS IN MOFCOM,
GETTING APPROVED ONE AT A TIME.
YOU KNOW, WE ARE EDUCATING THE
ADMINISTRATION, EDUCATING THE
CHINESE LEADERSHIP ABOUT HOW
IMPORTANT THESE JOBS IN THE
MIDWEST ARE THAT ARE DEPENDENT.
WE HAVE HAD TO SHUT DOWN
FACTORIES.
IT IS HAND TO MOUTH RIGHT NOW.
MATT:
THE ELECTRIC BUSINESS I WOULD
IMAGINE ALSO IS DEPENDENT ON,
IN SOME SENSE, HIGHER GAS
PRICES. I DROVE YOUR LIGHTNING.
IT WAS FANTASTIC.
SPENT A WEEK IN IT.
I HAVE DRIVEN THE MACH-E FOR A
COUPLE OF WEEKS.
ONE OF THE GREAT PLEASURES IS,
YOU DON'T EVER HAVE TO GO TO A
GAS STATION.
HOW ARE THOSE BUSINESSES DOING
RIGHT NOW?
YOU HAVE TAKEN SUCH BIG LOSSES
THERE, AND MAYBE SLOWED DOWN IN
TERMS OF YOUR PROGRESS INTO
EV'S. JIM:
WE HAVE REALLY CHANGED, BECAUSE
WE ARE THANKFUL.
WE HAVE BEEN NUMBER TWO TO
TESLA FOR THREE YEARS IN THE
U.S.
BECAUSE WE SPENT OUR CAPITAL,
LIKE, FIVE OR SIX YEARS AGO.
AND ALL OF THAT PRODUCT HAS
BEEN OUT FOR FOUR YEARS THAT
YOU MENTIONED.
SO WE HAVE LEARNED A TON.
NOW WE HAVE CHANGED OUR CAPITAL
ALLOCATION FOR EV'S.
WE HAVE REDUCED THE SPENDING,
CHANGED THE BATTERY CHEMISTRY A
LOT TO FOCUS ON MORE
PROFITABILITY.
WE HAVE GONE DOWN MARKET, AND
MOSTLY IN COMMERCIAL.
THOSE ARE THE ONLY MARKETS WE
THINK IN THE U.S., 8%, 7% OF
THE INDUSTRY IS GOING TO MAKE
SENSE FOR EV WHERE YOU CAN
ACTUALLY MAKE MONEY. AND E.P.A.
REQUIREMENTS HAVE A BIG IMPACT
ON THE EV INVESTMENTS BY OEM'S.
DURING THE LAST SEVERAL YEARS,
YOU KNOW, WE HAD TO KIND OF
SELL 15% TO 20% OF OUR MIX TO
BE EV'S. BOTH FOR THE STATES OF
CALIFORNIA, COLORADO, NEW YORK,
BUT ALSO TO MEET THE NATIONAL
TAIL PIPE EMISSIONS.
AND SO WHAT HAS HAPPENED,
INTERESTINGLY, THE TOTAL NUMBER
OF EV'S IN THE U.S.
HAS GROWN, BUT THE TOTAL
REVENUE HAS NOT CHANGED IN
THREE YEARS, BECAUSE THE PRICES
HAVE COME DOWN EQUAL TO THE
VOLUME GOING UP.
SO, THE EV MARKET HAS NOT BEEN
GROWING FOR THREE YEARS, IF YOU
LOOK AT TOTAL REVENUE.
EVERYONE LOOKS AT UNIT VOLUME.
DON'T LOOK AT THAT.
LOOK AT THE PRICE AND THE
VOLUME.
AND I THINK WE NOW HAVE A GOOD
STRATEGY GOING FORWARD.
A LOT OF OUR COMPETITORS ARE
JUST INVESTING FOR THE FIRST
TIME, AND GOOD LUCK IF YOU ARE
SELLING AN $80,000 SUV ELECTRIC
VEHICLE.
WE HAVE INVESTED A LOT IN
HYBRID.
WE ARE REALLY SUCCESSFUL WITH
OUR TRUCK HYBRIDS.
THE BEST-SELLING VEHICLE IN THE
U.S. FOR 47 YEARS HAS BEEN THE
F-150.
25% OF THOSE CUSTOMERS NOW BUY
HYBRID.
AND A LOT OF IT IS EXPORTABLE
POWER.
YOU CAN RUN YOUR HOUSE SIX DAYS
WITH AN F-150 HYBRID NOW, AND
THE OTHERS DON'T OFFER THAT AT
ALL. HANNAH:
TALK A LITTLE BIT ABOUT WHAT
THE BRAND GETS OUT OF THE RACE.
OBVIOUSLY THIS IS AN ICONIC
RACE.
WHAT DO YOU GET FROM IT AS A
COMPANY? ADRIAN:
I THINK IF YOU COMPARE IT WITH
OUR FORMULA 1 ACTIVITY, THE
MEDIA COVERAGE IS A FRACTION OF
THE PURE GLOBAL AWARENESS THAT
F1 GETS.
BUT IF YOU LOOK AT PEOPLE THAT
ARE INTERESTED IN
HIGH-PERFORMANCE VEHICLES, IT
IS MUCH MORE RELEVANT.
SO, IT IS A SMALLER AUDIENCE,
BUT IT IS ALMOST SELF-SELECTING.
BECAUSE MOST PEOPLE WHO BUY
SUPERCARS, SPORTSCARS, THEY
LOVE ENDURANCE RACING. WHY?
I WILL USE THE STATS WE HAVE
BEFORE.
UNTIL FORMULA 1 GOT A LOT
BIGGER IN TERMS OF NUMBER OF
RACES PER YEAR, WHEN IT WAS
ONLY 16 RACES, THAT IS EXACTLY
THE SAME AS A 24-HOUR RACE.
SO, LE MANS IS THE SAME AS A
FULL SEASON FORMULA 1 10 YEARS
AGO, AND FASTER.
SO, FROM A TECHNICAL CHALLENGE
POINT OF VIEW, PEOPLE CHALLENGE
POINT OF VIEW, IT HAS TO BE THE
MOST DEMANDING, INCREDIBLE
SPORT IN MOTORSPORT. HANNAH:
TALK TO US A LITTLE BIT ABOUT
SUSTAINABILITY AT ASTON MARTIN.
WHERE ARE YOU GUYS WITH THE
SUSTAINABLE POWERTRAINS, AND
WHAT ARE YOU TAKING FROM THE
RACING THAT WE MIGHT SEE IN
CARS IN THE FUTURE? ADRIAN:
SO, I THINK FROM A LE MANS
POINT OF VIEW, IT IS THE
FARTHEST AWAY FROM OUR
SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY. WHY?
WE HAVE NO HYBRID.
WE HAVE GONE FOR A
NATURALLY-ASPIRATED 12-CYLINDER
ENGINE, WHICH IS WHAT MAKES THE
VALKYRIE LE MANS CAR SO
INCREDIBLE.
THERE IS NOTHING ELSE ON THE
TRACK LIKE IT.
BUT IF YOU GO TO THE ROAD CARS,
WE HAVE JUST LAUNCHED VALHALLA.
IT'S A HYPER CAR, IT'S 2.6
SECONDS TO 62 MILES AN HOUR.
OVER 1,000 HORSEPOWER.
CARBON FIBER TUB.
HYBRID SYSTEM.
FRONT ELECTRIC AXLE,
HIGH-POWERED V-8 ENGINE, AND A
MOTOR IN THE GEARBOX, TOO.
COMBINATION, WELL OVER 1,000
HORSEPOWER.
THAT IS OUR FIRST PLUG-IN
HYBRID FOR THE ROAD AS A
REGULAR CAR.
OVER THE NEXT FIVE YEARS ALL OF
OUR CARS WILL BE HYBRIDIZED,
AND THEN WITHIN THE 10-YEAR
WINDOW WE WILL HAVE LAUNCHED
ONE OR TWO ELECTRIC VEHICLES.
BUT WE CERTAINLY SEE FOR THE
NEXT 10 YEARS, UNTIL 2035,
LET'S SAY, THE MAJORITY OF OUR
BUSINESS NOW WILL BE
ELECTRIFIED COMBUSTION ENGINE
SYSTEMS THAT MASSIVELY REDUCE
REAL-WORLD EMISSIONS, BUT ALSO
GIVE, MORE IMPORTANTLY, WAY
MORE HORSEPOWER THAN THE
CURRENT PRODUCTS.
AND THAT IS THE DIRECTION WE
HAVE TAKEN. MATT:
I SAT DOWN WITH LAWRENCE STROLL
AT Q, OR WHATEVER YOU
CALL YOUR ASTON MARTIN SHOP IN
NEW YORK ON 57TH AND PARK.
AND HE WAS DOING WITH ME THE
BACK OF THE NAPKIN MATH OF WHAT
ASTON MARTIN COULD BE IF IT GOT
EVEN HALF OF A FERRARI
VALUATION.
I'M SURE THAT IS THE GOAL YOU'RE
AIMING FOR AS WELL.
WHAT ARE YOUR PLANS TO GET
THERE, AND WHAT DO YOU HAVE TO
DO TO GET INVESTORS TO
ATTRIBUTE THAT KIND OF
VALUATION TO ASTON MARTIN?
ADRIAN: ONE WORD, PERFORM.
[LAUGHTER]
AS A COMPANY, WE HAVE BEEN
AROUND FOR 112 YEARS, AND IT
HAS BEEN A ROCKY JOURNEY FOR
THAT 112 YEARS.
THE BRAND HAS ENDURED.
IT'S GOT A FANTASTIC REPUTATION.
THE RESPONSE YOU GET IN AN
ASTON MARTIN IS UNLIKE ANYTHING
I HAVE EXPERIENCED.
AND YOU KNOW I HAVE BEEN WITH
GREAT GERMAN BRANDS, AND
ANOTHER GREAT BRITISH BRAND,
FOR A COMBINED 25 YEARS OF MY
LIFE.
YOU CAN'T STOP AT A GAS STATION
OR AT A HOTEL WITHOUT SOMEBODY
TAKING A PICTURE OF YOU OR
ASKING YOU A QUESTION ABOUT THE
CAR. IT IS PHENOMENAL.
SO, THE BRAND POWER IS THERE.
WHAT WE NEED IS A CONSISTENT
APPROACH TO PRODUCT
DEVELOPMENT, WHICH UNDERLINES
THAT NEW INVESTMENT APPROACH
HAS BEGUN.
THE FIRST FIVE YEARS, IF YOU
LOOK AT WHAT WE HAVE REFRESHED
AND WHAT WE HAVE DELIVERED,
VANQUISH HAS KNOCKED IT OUT OF
THE PARK.
WE ARE BEATING THE ITALIAN
COMPETITOR IN ROAD TEST, HANDS
DOWN.
THAT HAS NEVER HAPPENED BEFORE.
WE HAVE BEEN ACCREDITED BEING
BETTER LOOKING IN CERTAIN
PRODUCTS, BUT NEVER ON A TRACK
IN ABSOLUTELY EXTREME
CONDITIONS.
THE ASTON IS THE BEST. SO, WE
BUILD CARS THAT WORK, THEY LOOK
FANTASTIC, BUT WE HAVE REALLY
GOT TO NOW, WITH THIS
TRANSITION BETWEEN THE CURRENT
PRODUCT RANGE, THE HYBRID RANGE
AND ELECTRIC.
WE HAVE A WHOLE STRATEGY, WHICH
I CAN'T TALK ABOUT IN DETAIL
TODAY, WHICH WILL RELY ON LESS
VOLUME GROWTH, MORE QUALITY OF
MARGIN, QUALITY OF BUSINESS,
OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE, ALL OF
THE QUITE BORING STUFF THAT
WELCOME BACK TO A SPECIAL
EDITION OF "HOT PURSUIT."
I'M HANNAH ELLIOTT, ALONG WITH
MATT MILLER. MATT:
FOR RACERS, LE MANS IS WHERE
LEGENDS ARE MADE.
WE CAUGHT UP WITH FORMULA ONE
WORLD CHAMPION JENSON BUTTON,
AS WELL IS WITH MICHELLE
GATTING, A MEMBER OF THE IRON
DAMES ALL-FEMALE AUTO RACING
TEAM. HANNAH:
WE TALKED ABOUT WHAT MAKES THIS
RACE SO DIFFERENT THAN ANY
OTHER.
TELL US A LITTLE BIT ABOUT THE
DIFFERENCE BETWEEN WHAT IT
TAKES TO BE A GREAT ENDURANCE
DRIVER VERSUS F1 DRIVER.
I KNOW IT IS A SLIGHTLY
DIFFERENT SKILL SET. JENSON:
F1 DRIVER IS THE MOST SELFISH
ROLE POSSIBLE IN SPORT. HANNAH:
SAY MORE. JENSON:
BECAUSE IT IS ALL ABOUT YOU.
THE TEAM WILL SAY, YOU ARE
RACING FOR THIS TEAM, YOU'VE
GOT TO PUT THE TEAM FIRST. BUT
WE ALL KNOW THE DRIVER IS
RACING FOR THEMSELVES, BECAUSE
YOU WIN A CHAMPIONSHIP, AND
YOUR MAIN COMPETITOR IS YOUR
TEAMMATE, WHO IS IN THE SAME
CAR AS YOU AND HE IS THE PERSON
YOU HAVE TO BEAT.
HE IS THE ONE YOU GET JUDGED
AGAINST, SO YOU HAVE TO BE
SELFISH. AND THAT MENTALITY WAS
DIFFICULT FOR ME WHEN I GOT
MARRIED AND HAD KIDS, AND
SUDDENLY YOU ARE THE LEAST MOST
IMPORTANT PERSON IN IN THE
HOUSEHOLD. SO, GETTING OVER THAT
SELFISHNESS WAS QUITE DIFFICULT
FOR ME, AND IT DID TAKE A
MOMENT. ENDURANCE RACING IS VERY
DIFFERENT, BECAUSE YOU HAVE TO
WORK WITH YOUR TEAMMATES.
YOU'VE GOT TO WORK WITH YOUR
TEAM TO DEVELOP A CAR AND
COMPROMISE.
COMPROMISING IS SOMETHING YOU
ARE NOT VERY GOOD AT DOING AS
AN F1 DRIVER.
ENDURANCE DRIVER, IT'S ALL
ABOUT COMPROMISE.
IT IS ABOUT GETTING YOUR
TEAMMATES TO YOUR LEVEL, OR
EVEN HIGHER THAN WHERE YOU ARE,
BECAUSE THEN YOU KNOW EVEN IF
YOU ARE THE SLOWEST GUY IN THE
CAR, YOU KNOW YOU ARE QUICK.
MATT:
YOU MUST WORK ON MAXIMIZING
YOUR STRENGTH FOR THOSE 45
MINUTES OR WHATEVER, AND HERE,
LIKE, YOU HAVE TO WAKE UP AT
3:00 IN THE MORNING AND GET
BACK IN THE CAR.
WHAT IS IT LIKE, DRIVING AT
NIGHT, DRIVING WHILE TIRED?
WHAT IS IT LIKE SEEING THE SUN
RISE AS YOU ARE DOING 185 MILES
AN HOUR DOWN A STRAIGHT? JENSON:
AT LE MANS YOU ARE ALWAYS
JETLAGGED, BASICALLY.
YOU KNOW, THAT IS THE FEELING
THAT YOU HAVE WHEN YOU ARE
DRIVING THE CAR.
YOU ARE JETLAGGED.
YOU KNOW, YOU ARE SLIGHTLY OFF.
ALWAYS SLIGHTLY OFF.
IF YOU ARE LUCKY ENOUGH TO GET
IN AT THE START OF THE RACE,
THAT IS PROBABLY THE ONLY TIME
THAT FEELS NORMAL.
THE LOVE OF THIS RACE, FOR ME,
IS SUNRISE, SUNSET.
JUST BLOWS MY MIND.
WHEN THE SUN DROPS AND DARKNESS
FALLS, THE CIRCUIT COMES ALIVE.
IT BECOMES QUICKER.
THE WIND DROPS.
THE CARS ARE A BIT EASIER TO
DRIVE.
BUT YOU HAVE TO GET USED TO
THAT CHANGE IN LIGHT, WHICH IS
ALSO VERY DIFFICULT.
AND I DON'T KNOW IF YOU HAVE
NOTICED, THERE IS A LOT OF BUGS
HERE AT THE MOMENT.
YEAH -- HANNAH:
I SAW ONE EARLIER. [LAUGHTER]
JENSON:
AFTER TWO LAPS YOU HAVE A
COVERED WINDSCREEN, AND TRYING
TO LOOK THROUGH THAT WHEN THE
SUN IS IN YOUR EYES IS NOT EASY.
SUNSET IS GREAT.
SUNRISE, THE BEST MOMENT OF THE
RACE. YOU KNOW, IT REALLY IS.
WHEN THE SUN RISES AND YOU SEE
HOW DIRTY THE CARS ARE.
YOU HAVE COME THROUGH THE NIGHT.
YOU KIND OF FEEL LIKE YOU ARE
AT THE END ALREADY, EVEN THOUGH
YOU HAVE ANOTHER 10 HOURS TO GO.
SO, THAT MOMENT IS A VERY
SPECIAL MOMENT, KNOWING YOU
HAVE GOT THROUGH THE NIGHT, YOU
HAVE NOT HAD ISSUES, YOU ARE
STILL IN IT WITH A CHANCE OF A
WIN. MICHELLE:
THE IRON DAMES WAS FORMED IN
2018.
IT IS AN ALL-FEMALE PROJECT
THAT IS SUPPORTING WOMEN IN
MOTORSPORT, NOT ONLY AS
DRIVERS, BUT ENGINEERS,
MECHANICS, ON THE MARKETING
SIDE.
BECAUSE THE SPORT IS HUGE AND
IT NEEDS PEOPLE LIKE WOMEN AS
WELL, AND THE PROJECT IS SPECIAL
BECAUSE WE ARE AN ALL-FEMALE
LINEUP SHARING A CAR.
THREE WOMEN RACING AGAINST ALL
THE OTHERS.
AT THE END OF THE DAY, LIKE WE
ALWAYS SAY, WHEN WE PUT THE
HELMETS ON WE ARE RACE DRIVERS
LIKE ANYONE ELSE.
BUT WE DEFINITELY WANT TO GIVE
FEMALE DRIVERS A CHANCE TO BE
SEEN OUT THERE, BECAUSE THAT IS
WHAT HAS BEEN MISSING OVER THE
YEARS.
AND I THINK WITH THE PROJECT
HAS BEEN DOING SINCE THE
BEGINNING IN 2018 HAS REALLY
BEEN SHOWCASING THAT WOMEN CAN
COMPETE ON THE SAME LEVEL AS
MEN AT THE HIGHEST LEVEL OF
ENDURANCE RACING.
WE HAVE WON RACES IN THE WORLD
CHAMPIONSHIP AND THE EUROPEAN
CHAMPIONSHIP, AND WE ARE
PROVING THAT WE CAN RACE
ALONGSIDE THE MEN AND BEAT THEM.
MATT:
I JUST WANT TO ASK, BECAUSE I
HAVE A COUPLE OF DAUGHTERS AT
HOME, FOUR AND ONE, THEY ARE
WATCHING RACING WITH ME EVERY
WEEKEND.
WHAT DO I DO TO GET EDNA AND
LOLA INTO THIS SPORT, TO GET
THEM PREPARED, AND HOPEFULLY TO
A HIGHER LEVEL? MICHELLE:
WELL, THE FIRST THING YOU
SHOULD DO IS BRING THEM TO A
RACE.
BRING THEM TO THE IRON DAMES
GARAGE AND SHOW THEM THERE ARE
THREE LADIES THERE WHO ARE
PROVING TO YOUR GIRLS THAT IT
IS POSSIBLE, BECAUSE WE HAD A
DREAM WHEN WE WERE THEIR AGE.
BACK THEN, WHEN I WAS VERY
YOUNG, IT WAS DIFFICULT TO HAVE
SOMEBODY TO LOOK UP TO IN TERMS
OF FEMALE DRIVERS, BECAUSE
THERE WAS NOT REALLY ANY.
NOW, HOPEFULLY, WE ARE THE
DRIVERS THAT YOUR TWO DAUGHTERS
CAN LOOK UP TO AND SAY YEAH,
BUT THEY ARE DOING IT.
BECAUSE WITH HARD WORK,
DEDICATION, AND PASSION AND
COMMITMENT, YOU CAN DO WHATEVER
YOU WANT IN LIFE.
AND THIS IS WHAT WE WANT TO
SHOWCASE WITH THE IRON DAMES
PROJECT. MATT:
UP NEXT, HOW LE MANS FUELS
BILLIONS IN BUSINESS. ♪
MATT: WELCOME BACK TO A SPECIAL
EDITION OF "HOT PURSUIT."
I'M MATT MILLER, ALONG WITH
HANNAH ELLIOTT. HANNAH:
BEHIND THE ROAR OF ENGINES AND
THE SMELL OF BURNING RUBBER
LIES A GLOBAL BATTLEGROUND FOR
BRANDS. MATT:
WE WILL GET THE INSIDE TRACK
FROM THE COMPANIES MAKING DEALS
AND DRIVING INNOVATION.
I WONDER WHAT YOU THINK OF LE
MANS AS A GATHERING PLACE FOR
THE INDUSTRY.
IT SEEMS LIKE THERE ARE SO MANY
CEO'S HERE.
THERE IS SO MUCH GOING ON IN
TERMS OF TECHNOLOGY AND IN
TERMS OF ENGINEERING.
IT'S ALMOST LIKE THE DAVOS OF
THE AUTOMOTIVE INDUSTRY. ROGER:
I THINK THAT WHEN YOU LOOK AT
IT, YOU KNOW, IN THE
HIGH-PERFORMANCE CLASS THIS
YEAR, THE HYPERCAR, THERE IS
EIGHT MANUFACTURERS THAT WILL
BE COMPETING.
AND WHEN THEY GET ON THE WORLD
STAGE, THEY COMPETE IN EVERY
DAY AND EVERY SHOWROOM ACROSS
THE WORLD, DON'T THEY?
BUT TO COME HERE AND PUT YOUR
BRAND ON THE LINE, IT'S AMAZING.
I THINK THE WAY LE MANS HAS
GROWN -- THINK ABOUT IT.
I RACED HERE SIX DECADES AGO,
AND I WILL TELL YOU A FUNNY
STORY.
WE WERE ON THE POLE POSITION
THAT YEAR. YOU KNOW WHY?
WE HAD THE CAR WITH THE BIGGEST
MOTOR. [LAUGHTER]
SO, THINGS HAVE CHANGED, BUT IT
IS AN AMAZING PLACE. ICONIC.
THE NUMBER OF PEOPLE THAT COME
HERE, AND WHAT I HAVE BEEN
SEEING HERE, OBVIOUSLY, SO MANY
YOUNG PEOPLE.
I MEAN, PEOPLE WANT TO COME AND
CAMP AND SEE THE EXCITEMENT.
YOU KNOW, WITH FERRARI AND
PORSCHE HERE, THIS HAS BEEN A
BIG SEA CHANGE.
WHEN THEY CAME AND THE NEW RULE
HOW CAN YOU MAKE RACING, WHICH
IS A SPORT, SOMETHING YOU DO
FOR PASSION, FOR LOVE, ALSO PAY
OFF FOR PROFIT? ROGER:
WELL, I REALLY GOT TO GO BACK
TO MY EARLY DAYS IN RACING.
AND, YOU KNOW, WE HAVE A
COMPANY TODAY WITH 74,000
PEOPLE, $40 BILLION IN
REVENUES, AND I CAN TELL YOU
THE BRAND VALUE THAT WE GOT
FROM RACING EVERY DAY -- AND
MORE IMPORTANTLY, IT IS THE
PARTNERSHIPS THAT WE MADE AS A
RACE TEAM WITH THE DIFFERENT
OEM'S.
WE HAVE HAD PARTNERSHIPS WITH
ALL OF THE OEM'S THROUGHOUT THE
WORLD, REALLY, WHEN I THINK
ABOUT IT, BUT THAT CONNECTION,
FOR US, WAS MASSIVE FROM A
STANDPOINT OF WHAT WE WERE ABLE
TO DO ON THE TRACK.
AND, YOU KNOW, WE HAVE ALMOST
400 DEALERSHIPS UNDER PAG, A
NEW YORK STOCK EXCHANGE COMPANY.
AND WE ARE WITH ALL THE BRANDS.
AND I CAN TELL YOU THAT THIS
RELATIONSHIP ON THE TRACK AND
IN THE SHOWROOM ON MONDAY, IT
REALLY WORKS FOR US, AND IT HAS
BEEN KEY TO BUILD OUR BRAND,
WHICH I COULD NOT HAVE DONE ANY
OTHER WAY.
HANNAH: WHERE DO YOU SEE THE
OPPORTUNITIES FOR GROWTH IN THE
SPORT AS WE MOVE FORWARD?
RICHARD:
THE GROWTH IS INCREDIBLE.
I MEAN, A FEW YEARS AGO
EVERYBODY WAS CONSIDERING MOTOR
RACING AS NON-POLITICALLY
CORRECT OR BAD, OR WHATSOEVER.
IT HAS NEVER BEEN THAT POPULAR.
WE CAN SEE WITH THE TICKETING,
WE CAN SEE WITH THE AUDIENCE.
AND WHAT IS ALSO VERY
ENCOURAGING IS THAT WE SEE
YOUNG GENERATION COMING.
AND THEY ARE VERY, VERY, VERY
-- WE SAY YOUNGER AND YOUNGER
IN LE MANS.
400,000 TICKETS ARE SOLD IN TWO
DAYS, AND THERE ARE SO MANY
PEOPLE ON THE WAITING LIST THAT
WE DON'T BE ABLE TO ATTEND FOR
SECURITY REASON.
IT HAS NEVER BEEN THAT POPULAR.
PAUL: WELCOME BACK TO "THE CHINA
SHOW,"
COME INTO YOU OUT OF SYDNEY
TODAY FOR REASONS WE DISCUSSED
IN A MOMENT.
MISERABLE WEATHER IN HONG KONG
DOING NOTHING TO DAMPEN THE
SPIRITS ON THE MARKET.
WE HAVE THE HANG SENG TURNING
POSITIVE, BETTER BY ABOUT .3%.
APART FROM THE HONG KONG
MARKETS, WE CONTINUE TO KEEP AN
EYE ON TYPHOON REGATTA AS IT
LASHES THE CITY WITH TORRENTIAL
RAIN.
YVONNE MAN AND DAVID INGLES
BOTH HUNKERED DOWN IN THE CITY.
YVONNE, LET'S START WITH YOU
AND TALK ABOUT THE WEATHER.
WHAT IS GOING ON OUT THERE?
YVONNE:
HOLD ON, I HAVE ONE CHILD
BEHIND ME HERE.
LET ME JUST MOVE HIM AWAY FOR A
SECOND.
YES, THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN
YOU HAVE TO WORK FROM HOME
DURING A STORM.
OBVIOUSLY, WE ARE STILL IN THE
THICK OF IT.
WE ARE BRACING FOR FULL FORCE
NOW.
AS WE LOOK AHEAD TO THE REST OF
THE DAY, OBVIOUSLY, THERE WILL
BE DISRUPTIONS THROUGHOUT THE
DAY. WE ARE STILL FEELING THE
HOWLING OF THE WIND.
THERE HAS BEEN TORRENTIAL
DOWNPOUR.
WE TALK ABOUT TREES BASICALLY
HAVING BEEN TOPPLED AS WELL.
IN TERMS OF THE TRADE, I THINK
EVERYONE IS HUNKERED DOWN JUST
LIKE US.
BANKS HAVE MADE HOTEL ROOMS
AVAILABLE FOR A LOT OF BANKERS
AS WELL.
A BIT OF COVERAGE AT THE FOUR
SEASONS IN CENTRAL WHICH HAS A
BIT OF COVERAGE, BUT IT IS A
VERY RARE SIGN THAT WE ARE
SEEING A T-10 OF THIS SIZE,
BASICALLY THE EQUIVALENT OF A
CATEGORY THREE HURRICANE,
SUSTAINED WIND OF 110 MILES AN
HOUR AND WE ARE STILL FEELING
IT NOW.
WE ARE BRACING IT NOW IN FULL
FORCE AND THAT IS WHY YOU HEAR
HONG KONG AUTHORITIES SAY STAY
INSIDE, DO NOT GO OUT.
WE HAVE ALREADY HEARD OF SOME
DEATHS IN TAIWAN WHEN THE
TYPHOON HIT THERE.
THEY HAD 14 KILLED AND 18
INJURED WE HEARD FROM LOCAL
MEDIA, SO IT CERTAINLY IS VERY
DANGEROUS OUT THERE RIGHT NOW.
PAUL:
IN THE MEANTIME, NEVER MIND THE
VIOLENT WEATHER IN HONG KONG,
MARKETS ARE STILL TREATING.
WHAT ARE WE SEEING SO FAR?
DAVID:
IT HAS JUST KICKED OFF RIGHT
NOW, SO THERE IS THIS FIRST --
THIS FRESH ROUND OF HOWLING
TAKING PLACE.
I THINK A LOT OF PEOPLE IN HONG
KONG MIGHT BE ABLE TO
UNDERSTAND AND RELATE TO THIS.
I WOKE UP THIS MORNING -- WELL,
FIRST, I COULD NOT SLEEP WELL.
I GREW UP IN TYPHOONS, RIGHT?
WITH TYPHOONS AROUND.
I HAVE NEVER SEEN ANYTHING LIKE
THIS, SOUND AND MAGNITUDE.
FOR ONE, I COULD NOT GET A GOOD
NIGHT'S SLEEP JUST BECAUSE OF
HOW EVERYTHING JUST KICKED OFF
MOST LIKE A LIGHT SWITCH IN THE
MORNING.
YOU THEN WAKE UP AND HAVE THIS
MASSIVE HEADACHE AND I REALIZED
A FEW HOURS AFTER THAT, IT WAS
BECAUSE THE BUILDINGS WERE JUST
SHAKING CONSTANTLY.
AGAIN, TO THE POINT YOU JUST
MADE THERE AND I THINK YVONNE
ALSO MADE THE POINT, SO WE ARE
HUNKERED DOWN HERE, AND I WAS
JUST WALKING AROUND THE LOBBY
EARLY ON CHECKING ON WHAT IS
HAPPENING IN THE LOBBY OUTSIDE.
THERE IS AN ANTI-MONEY
LAUNDERING CONFERENCE TAKING
PLACE FROM WHAT I UNDERSTAND.
I LOT FACES IN THE INDUSTRY.
I BUMPED INTO A FEW PEOPLE
OVERNIGHT AND THIS MORNING, AND
FOR THOSE WHO MIGHT BE MORE
FAMILIAR WITH THE BUSINESS
DISTRICT, AND A LOT OF THESE
BUILDINGS AND MALLS AND HOTELS
ARE CONNECTED, SO THERE IS A
WAY TO PLACES WITHOUT HAVING TO
STEP OUTSIDE FOR A LONGER
PERIOD OF TIME, SO A LOT OF THE
HOTELS NEAR THE BACK, WE HAD
THE STORY OUT TODAY, THE
MANDARIN ORIENTAL HOTEL IS
FULLY BOOKED OUT LAST WE
CHECKED ON TUESDAY BECAUSE FROM
THE MANDARIN, YOU CAN GET TO A
LOT OF BIG BANKS.
WHERE I AM NOW, THIS CONNECTS
DIRECTLY WHERE YOU HAVE A LOT
OF BIG BANKS AND BROKERAGES.
ALL THAT BEING SAID, IT IS
BUSINESS AS USUAL, BUT WE ARE
FAR FROM BEING FULLY STAFFED.
JUST TO UNDERSCORE THAT POINT,
IT IS BUSINESS AS USUAL, BUT
THINGS ARE JUST GETTING
DELAYED, RIGHT?
THIS MASSIVE LISTING WE HAVE
BEEN REPORTING ON THE LAST FEW
DAYS OR SO, WE UNDERSTAND HIS
PUSHBACK BY A DAY, BUT YES, IT
IS MORE OR LESS BUSINESS AS
USUAL. I'M LOOKING AT THE LATEST
FORECASTS OUT OF THE WEATHER
AUTHORITIES.
IT LOOKS LIKE THIS TYPHOON WILL
REMAIN IN PLACE FOR SOME TIME,
SO THIS NO INDICATION AT WHAT
POINT THEY WILL BE TAKING IT
DOWN.
THEY ARE VERY GOOD AT GIVING
FORWARD GUIDANCE SO BUSINESSES
CAN PLAN THEIR DAYS AROUND THE
WEATHER AND WHAT IS ALLOWED AND
WHAT IS SAFE AND WHAT IS NOT.
SO FOR NOW, AS YVONNE WAS
POINTING OUT, DO NOT GO
OUTSIDE, AND THERE IS NO CLEAR
INDICATION WHEN THEY ARE
PLANNING TO TAKE IT BACK DOWN,
AND YOU JUST HAVE TO LISTEN TO
WHAT IS GOING ON OUTSIDE JUST
TO UNDERSTAND WHY THEY ARE
BEING EXTREMELY CAUTIOUS AT
THIS. PAUL:
IN TERMS OF BUSINESS AS USUAL,
A LOT OF THOSE NARRATIVES THAT
WERE IN PLACE BEFORE THE
TYPHOON -- THAT IS STILL IN
PLACE AS WELL, IN TERMS OF
SECTORS WE ARE WATCHING, WE ARE
SEEING SOME INTERESTING ACTION
IN TECH AS WELL.
SOME OF THE BIG NAMES LIKE
MEITUAN PUSHING HIGHER. DAVID:
THERE WAS A LOT OF ACTIVITY IN
THE LEAD UP TO THE OPEN TODAY.
WE HAD A VERY LONG LIST ALREADY
PREPARED GOING INTO THE LIVE
SHOW AT 9:00 A.M., AS YOU KNOW.
THINGS LIKE AI, THERE WAS A
MORGAN STANLEY UPGRADE.
DEFENSE OF OIL, THAT WAS ON THE
BACK OF THAT REVERSAL IN
POSITION FROM THE U.S.
FROM PRESIDENT TRUMP AND WHAT
HE SAID AT THE YUAN GA -- THE
UNITED NATIONS GENERAL ASSEMBLY.
AFTER THAT, WE HAD A FLURRY OF
ANNOUNCEMENTS THAT HAS COME
THROUGHOUT MAINLAND AUTHORITIES.
SOLAR, FOR ONE.
THEY ARE LOOKING AT BEING ABLE
TO MANAGE THE EXTREME
COMPETITION IN THE SOLAR SECTOR.
POINT NUMBER TWO, YOU LOOK AT
MAKES ONE -- MAY 20 -- MEITUAN.
AND FOOD DELIVERY, AS WELL.
I FORGOT TO MENTION AS WELL,
THE STATEMENT AROUND E-COMMERCE
AND LIVESTREAMING, FOR EXAMPLE,
ARE A SEPARATE GROUP TO WATCH
AS WELL, SO IT IS EXTREMELY
BUSY IN THE GREAT.
THANK YOU SO MUCH, AND WE
APPRECIATE YOU HOLDING THE FORT
FOR US. PAUL: ALWAYS HAPPY TO.
AS DAVID MENTIONED, YOU STILL
HAVE THAT SIGNAL 10 STILL IN
PLACE. WHAT IS THE FORECAST?
HOW LONG WILL YOU BE STUCK
INSIDE?
WHERE IS THE STORM HEADING TO
NEXT? YVONNE:
FOR SOME TIME, THEY SAY, SO WE
ARE NOT SURE.
LOOKS LIKE WE WILL BE HUNKERED
DOWN FOR SOME TIME, PROBABLY
THE REST OF THE DAY.
WHAT WE ARE HEARING IS THIS
ICON WILL BE SKIRTING THE
SOUTHERN PART OF CHINA OVER THE
NEXT DAY OR SO AND THEN WILL
HEAD FURTHER WEST TO PARTS LIKE
VIETNAM, SO IT WILL TAKE THIS
SYSTEM A FEW DAYS TO GET
THROUGH THE REGION, AND THAT
WILL BE SOMETHING TO WATCH.
WE TALK ABOUT IN HONG KONG,
PASSENGER FLIGHTS IN AND OUT OF
HONG KONG BEING CANCELED FOR 36
HOURS OR SO.
I THINK UP UNTIL THURSDAY AT
6:00 A.M.
MACAU, THE AIRPORT IN SHENZHEN
HAVE ALSO REMAINED CLOSED AND
CANCELED HUNDREDS OF FLIGHTS
OUT OF SHENZHEN AS WELL.
MACAU TALKING ABOUT MOVING THE
ALERT TO THE HIGHEST LEVEL
BECAUSE THEY ARE EXPECTING SOME
PRETTY RECORD FLOODING.
WE ARE STILL WAITING FOR THE
DAMAGE AND WHAT THIS ALL LOOKS
LIKE, BUT BLOOMBERG
INTELLIGENCE AND STEPHEN LAM,
OF INSURANCE GUY, SAYING THIS
IS PRETTY CLOSE IN TERMS OF THE
COST OF ALL THIS IN THE CLAIMS
WE MIGHT SEE TO WHAT WE SAW
ABOUT SEVEN YEARS AGO. PAUL:
BLOOMBERG'S YVONNE MAN AND
DAVID INGLES AS THEY TAKE COVER
IN HONG KONG.
STILL AHEAD, BREAKING DOWN THE
MULTITRILLION DOLLAR COST OF
POWERING AI. THIS IS BLOOMBERG.
♪
PAUL:
LET'S LOOK AT HOW SOME OF THE
BENCHMARKS ARE DOING IN CHINA
AND HONG KONG AT THE MOMENT.
THE CSI 300 PRETTY FLAT AT THE
MOMENT.
THE HANG SENG INDEX IN MODESTLY
POSITIVE TERRITORY.
WE HAVE SEEN SOME SUPPORT FOR
CHINESE TECH NAMES.
MORGAN STANLEY UPGRADING CHINA
SEMICONDUCTORS TO ATTRACTIVE ON
A I DEMAND AS WELL.
EVEN THOUGH THERE'S FACTORS
SUCH AS TARIFFS AND
FOREIGN-EXCHANGE IMPACTS, THEY
SEE A I DEMAND IN CHINA
REMAINING VERY STRONG GLOBALLY
AS WELL.
WE HAVE ALSO HEARD REPORTS FROM
CCTV THAT CHINA IS RELEASING
DRAFT RULES TO REGULATE FOOD
DELIVERY PLATFORMS, AND THAT IS
HELPING SUPPORT SOME OF THOSE
FOOD DELIVERY NAMES AS WELL.
A BIT OF WEAKNESS ON THE KOSPI
AT THE MOMENT.
SK HYNIX, SAMSUNG ELECTRONICS
BOTH LOSING GROUND, AND WE ARE
WATCHING SHARES OF MEMORY
CHIP-LINKED STOCKS THIS MORNING
AFTER MICRON REPORTED STRONG
GUIDANCE FOR THE CURRENT
QUARTER. LET'S GET TO OUR HSTECH
CORRESPONDENT FOR MORE DETAILS.
WHAT STOOD OUT IN THE NOBLES --
THE NUMBERS FOR MICRON?
>> WHAT STOOD OUT WAS THE
STRONG GUIDANCE, AS YOU SAID.
QUITE A BIT AHEAD OF WHAT WALL
STREET WAS EXPECTING AT 11.9
BILLION DOLLARS, AND THE SHARE
CAME IN BETTER THAN EXPECTED
IN TERMS OF PRODUCTION FOR THE
FISCAL FIRST QUARTER, SO THERE
WAS A LOT TO LIKE OR INVESTORS,
AND AS YOU SAID, IT CONTINUES
TO POSITION MICRON AS BEING ONE
OF THE KEY BENEFICIARIES OUT OF
A I .
MEMORY IS ESSENTIAL TO AI
INFRASTRUCTURE.
THEY HAVE BEEN A KEY SUPPLIER
TO NVIDIA ON THAT, BUT IN TERMS
OF MARKET REACTION, WE HAVE
SEEN IT KIND OF SUBDUED, I
WOULD SAY, IN LATE TRADE, BUT
THAT POINTS TO THE AMOUNT OF
OPTIMISM WE HAVE SEEN FROM
MICRON THIS YEAR.
SHARES HAVE NEARLY DOUBLED, SO
QUITE A LOT HAS BEEN ALREADY
PRICED IN AT THIS POINT. PAUL:
MEANWHILE, WE HAD TAIWAN
ANNOUNCING IT WILL BE
RESTRICTING CHIP EXPORTS TO
SOUTH AFRICA.
WHAT IS BEHIND THIS DECISION?
>> THIS IS SORT OF AN UNUSUAL
STEP, BUT PERHAPS A SIGNAL OF
TAIWAN'S GROWING UNEASE WITH
COUNTRIES CONTINUING TO BUILD
CLOSER TIES WITH BEIJING.
TAIWAN LAST NIGHT ISSUED THAT
PRETTY MUCH ALL CHIP EXPORTS TO
SOUTH AFRICA FROM NOW ON WILL
REQUIRE PREAPPROVAL, BUT IT IS
IN RESPONSE TO SOUTH AFRICA'S
ACTIONS AGAINST TAIPEI.
THE PAIR HAVE NOT HAD THE MEDIC
RELATIONS GOING BACK TO 1997,
BUT TAIWAN HAS CONTINUED TO
MAINTAIN A REPRESENTATIVE IN
THE CAPITAL OF PRETORIA, BUT
SOUTH AFRICA WANTS TO SEE THAT
REPRESENTATIVE OFFICE SHIFTED
TO JOHANNESBURG, AND IT HAS
EXPERIENCE PRESSURE FROM CHINA
AS WELL.
THIS STARTED IN 2023 AT A
SUMMIT THE CHINESE PRESIDENT,
XI JINPING, ATTENDED HERE AS
WELL, THEY ARE SET TO HOST THE
G20 SUMMIT IN NOVEMBER AT THIS
YEAR THAT XI JINPING WILL ALSO
BE ATTENDING.
THERE'S A SENSE OF URGENCY FROM
SOUTH AFRICA'S SIDE BECAUSE THE
CHINESE PRESIDENT IS RETURNING
TO SOUTH AFRICA, BUT AS I SAID,
IT IS SORT OF AN UNUSUAL STEP
AND A SYMBOL OF POWER.
TAIWAN IS TRYING TO USE ITS
ECONOMIC CLOUT AS WELL. PAUL:
DESPITE PLEDGES OF MASSIVE
INVESTMENTS, A NEW REPORT SAYS
AI COMPANIES COULD STILL BE
FALLING FALL SHORT OF WHAT IS
NEEDED.
BAIN AND COMPANY'S ANNUAL
GLOBAL TECH REPORT FINDS FIRMS
WILL NEED TO TRILLION DOLLARS
ANNUAL REVENUE BY 2032 FUND
THEIR REQUIRED COMPUTER POWER.
U.S.
COMPANIES ALONE WOULD BE $800
BILLION SHORT OF THAT NUMBER.
A NUMBER OF QUESTIONS RAISED BY
THAT REPORT.
WHERE WILL THIS COMPUTE POWER
COME FROM AND HOW WILL IT BE
PAID FOR?
>> THOSE ARE GREAT QUESTIONS.
IF WE THINK OF AI, WHICH IS
SOMETHING WE TALK ABOUT ALL THE
TIME, THE GROWTH REQUIRES A LOT
OF COMPUTE INTENSITY, SO WE ARE
SEEING DATA CENTERS POP UP
EVERYWHERE AND AT A BIGGER
SCALE THAN WE HAVE EVER SEEN.
IF WE LOOK AT THE SIZE OF
MODELS YOU WOULD NEED AND THE
COMPUTE POWER TO TRAIN THEM AS
WELL AS THE INFERENCE OF USING
THESE MODELS AND WE FORECAST
THAT OUT, WE ARE LOOKING AT
ABOUT 500 BILLION DOLLARS IN IN
2032 FUND -- IN 2030 TWO FUND
THE CAPITAL NEEDS.
INTERESTINGLY, IF YOU THINK
ABOUT ALL THE PRODUCTIVITY
GAINS THAT WE ARE SEEING THOSE
EARLY ADOPTING COMPANIES GET IN
CUSTOMER SUPPORT, SALES,
MARKETING, SOFTWARE
DEVELOPMENT, IF YOU TAKE ALL OF
THAT, YOU CLOSE A LITTLE MORE
THAN HALF OF THAT TO TRILLION
DOLLAR NUMBER, SO THE REST OF
IT NEEDS TO COME FROM
INNOVATION, NEW BUSINESS
MODELS, ECONOMIC GROWTH.
IN ORDER TO GET THE R.O.I.
FOR ALL THE CAPEX THAT WILL BE
NEEDED FOR ALL THE DEMAND FOR
AI, IT WILL NEED TO BE BOTH AT
PRODUCTIVITY SITE AS WELL AS
THE GROWTH IN THE INNOVATION
SIDE FOR NEW BUSINESS MODELS,
NEW COMPANIES WE HAVE NOT EVEN
HEARD OF YET. PAUL:
ARE WE SEEING ANY EVIDENCE OF
THAT HAPPENING?
THE NEW BUSINESS MODELS, THE
NEW FUNDING AND HOW IT WILL
PROMOTE GROWTH, OR IS THAT JUST
MISSING IN ACTION RIGHT NOW?
>> I THINK WE ARE ALREADY
SEEING A LOT OF INNOVATION.
YOU SEE THIS WITH VERY
WELL-FUNDED COMPANIES THAT ARE
COMING UP QUICKLY WITH REALLY
DISRUPTIVE WAYS OF LOOKING AT
INDUSTRIES IN DISRUPTIVE FORMS.
OBVIOUSLY A LOT OF DIFFERENT
CODING SYSTEMS, BUT APPS ACROSS
ALSO IS OF DIFFERENT VERTICALS
BECAUSE AI WILL TRANSFORM
RETAIL, CONSUMER SERVICES.
WE WILL SEE THE IMPACT
EVERYWHERE.
WE ARE SEEING DISRUPTIVE
COMPANIES COMING ONTO THE
SCENES.
THEY HAVE BIG VALUATIONS NOW
AND ARE GROWING, BUT I THINK WE
WILL SEE THEM DOING GREAT
THINGS OVER THE NEXT COUPLE OF
YEARS. PAUL:
WE DID SEE A FEW MONTHS AGO TO
YOUR POINT THE SO-CALLED
DEEPSEEK MOMENT ABOUT WHAT
COULD BE ACHIEVED WITH MUCH
LESS THAN WHAT WAS PREVIOUSLY
THOUGHT.
DO YOU APPRECIATE MORE DEEPSEEK
MOMENTS GOING FORWARD AND WHERE
MIGHT WE SEE THAT INNOVATION?
>> THE MOMENT WAS INTERESTING
BECAUSE IT SHOWED THAT YOU CAN
CREATE A MODEL WITH A LOT LESS
THAN MAYBE WE ANTICIPATED.
IT ALSO HIGHLIGHTED ALL THE
INNOVATION THAT IS GOING ON IN
CHINA ACROSS THE STACK ON AI.
I DO THINK WE WILL SEE MORE OF
THOSE MOMENTS GOING FORWARD.
IF WE THINK OF ALL OF THE
COMPUTE DATA FOR AI, THE POWER
NEEDED TO POWER THOSE DATA
CENTERS.
TO DO THAT, WE WILL NEED TO SEE
INNOVATION IN A LOT OF
DIFFERENT SPACES.
WE WILL ALSO SEE INNOVATION
WITHIN A DATA CENTER ITSELF, IF
IT IS COOLING TECHNOLOGIES, HOW
WE ARE THINKING ABOUT EVEN WHAT
TYPES OF CHIPS WE ARE USING TO
DRIVE MORE EFFICIENCY WITHIN
THE DATA CENTERS.
WE WILL CONTINUE TO SEEK A LOT
OF INNOVATION IN THE SILICON
ITSELF AND INNOVATION IN THE
MODELS.
SMALLER MODELS, DIFFERENT
APPROACHES THAT ALLOW YOU TO DO
THINGS IN A MORE EFFICIENT WAY
AS MODELS CONTINUE TO BECOME
MORE POWERFUL.
PAUL:
YOU REPORT AND DEALS WITH ONE
VERY EXCITING INNOVATION,
QUANTUM COMPUTING.
HOW FAR DO YOU SEE THAT
TECHNOLOGY FROM BEING SCALED
AND GOING TO MORE FREQUENT USE
IN RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT?
WHEN DO YOU SEE ITS POTENTIAL
BEING REALIZED?
>> WE HAVE BEEN LOOKING AT
QUANTUM FOR A WHILE, AND IT HAS
ALWAYS BEEN A LITTLE BIT
FURTHER OUT.
WE ARE STARTING TO SEE SOME
EXCITING ADVANCEMENTS ON
QUANTUM.
A LOT OF COMPANIES ARE PUTTING
GOOD ADVANCEMENTS THERE.
I THINK WE ARE STILL FIVE-PLUS
YEARS OUT FROM SEE AND USE
CASES RAMP UP, AND WHEN WE DO,
I THINK IT WILL BE A HYBRID
ENVIRONMENT.
YOU WILL STILL HAVE GPU'S AND
CPU'S, AND YOU WILL HAVE
QUANTUM AND PEOPLE WILL SEND
SPECIFIC WORKLOADS TO THE AREA
WHERE THEY ARE MOST EFFICIENTLY
PROCESSED.
I THINK WE ARE STILL SEVERAL
YEARS OUT FROM SEEING QUANTUM
BE PART OF THE MAINSTREAM, BUT
THE PART THAT IS CLOSER IN HIS
QUANTUM'S IMPACT ON
CYBERSECURITY.
BEING QUANTUM SAFE IN YOUR
CYBER APPROACH IS SOMETHING
COMPANIES NEED TO START
THINKING ABOUT NOW BECAUSE I
THINK THAT IMPACT IS MORE LIKE
THREE YEARS OUT AND TO MAKE
SURE YOUR COMPANY A SAFE, YOU
PROBABLY NEED TO START THINKING
ABOUT THAT APPROACH TODAY. PAUL:
THE AI STORY IS ALSO VERY
CLOSELY LINKED TO THE
GEOPOLITICAL STORY AS WELL.
COULD YOU TELL US MORE ABOUT
HOW THE SOVEREIGN AI RACE
BETWEEN THE U.S.
AND CHINA IN PARTICULAR IS
COMPLICATING THINGS FOR TECH
COMPANIES?
>> CYBER AI IS AN IMPORTANT
CONCEPT FOR COMPANIES AND
COUNTRIES ALIKE.
WE SEE COUNTRIES ACROSS THE
GLOBE PUTTING MONEY IN TO MAKE
SURE THEY HAVE THEIR OWN DATA
CENTER INFRASTRUCTURE, BUT THE
COUNTRIES WE THINK ABOUT MOST
ARE CHINA AND THE U.S.
AS THEY ARE BOTH INVESTING
QUITE A BIT UP AND DOWN THE
STACK TO DRIVE THEIR OWN
TECHNOLOGY STANDARDS AND STACKS
FOR AI.
THIS IS A CONTINUATION OF THE
DECOUPLING WE HAVE BEEN LOOKING
AT FOR QUITE SOME TIME.
IT STARTED MORE IN THE COLUMNS
INFRASTRUCTURE AND,
IMPORTANTLY, SEMICONDUCTORS
WERE BOTH THE U.S.
AND CHINA WANTED TO BE LESS
RELIANT ON EACH OTHER TO HAVE A
MORE RESILIENT SUPPLY CHAIN FOR
SEMICONDUCTORS, WHICH IS SO
IMPORTANT FOR ALL INDUSTRIES IN
OUR COUNTRY, AND AI IS THE NEXT
EVOLUTION WHERE IT WILL BE SUCH
A BIG SOURCE OF COMPETITIVE
ADVANTAGE FOR COMPANIES AND BE
CENTRAL TO HOW CONSUMERS GET
INFORMATION.
IF THESE COUNTRIES -- THESE
COUNTRIES ARE REALLY DRIVING TO
BE THE LEADER IN THAT SPACE AND
ALSO TO HAVE THEIR STANDARDS
ADOPTED BY OTHER COUNTRIES AND
WE REALLY SEE THAT WITH U.S.
AND CHINA, BUT THEN WE HAVE TO
THINK ABOUT OTHER COUNTRIES AS
WELL.
COUNTRIES LIKE SAUDI WHO ARE
PUTTING BIG MONEY IN A LATER
HAVE A LOCAL LANGUAGE MODEL IN
ARABIC BUT YOU HAVE THE DATA
CENTER CAPACITY WHERE THEY CAN
REALLY BE A GLOBAL PLAYER IN
THIS SPACE.
THEN YOU HAVE EUROPE PUTTING A
LOT OF MONEY IN AS WELL.
EVERYBODY WILL HAVE SLIGHTLY
DIFFERENT DATA REQUIREMENTS,
PRIVACY REQUIREMENTS, SO AS A
COMPANY, IT HAS BIG
IMPLICATIONS WHEN YOU TRY TO
ROLL OUT NEW FEATURES BECAUSE
YOU WILL HAVE TO THINK OF A
COUNTRY BY COUNTRY ROLLOUT
STRATEGY.
WHAT IS ALLOWED, WHAT DATA CAN
YOU ACCESS, WHAT MODELS CAN YOU
ACCESS?
I THINK IT WILL ADD A LEVEL OF
COMPLEXITY FOR COMPANIES AS
THEY TRY TO RULE OUT AI
INNOVATIONS EITHER WITH
CUSTOMERS OR THEIR OWN
COMPANIES. PAUL:
A LOT OF PEOPLE WORRY ABOUT AI
IN TERMS OF REPLACING HUMANS OR
ASSISTING PEOPLE.
CAN YOU TALK ABOUT SOME OF THE
TAKEAWAYS AROUND THAT?
>> THAT IS TOP OF MIND FOR
EVERYONE, WHAT WILL ADD DISRUPT
VERSUS WHERE IT WILL CREATE NEW
JOBS.
AI WILL BE QUITE DISRUPTIVE
ACROSS THE BOARD.
ONE OF THE THINGS WE LOOK AT IN
THE REPORT IS A LOT OF TIMES
PEOPLE LIKE TO TALK ABOUT HOW
AI WILL DISRUPT THE SOFTWARE
SECTOR.
WE LOOK AT THERE ARE PLACES
WHERE I THINK AI SOLUTIONS WILL
BE QUITE REVOLUTIONARY AND
CHANGE THINGS.
THERE'S ALSO PLACES WHERE AI
WILL RUN HAND-IN-HAND WITH SOME
OF THE SOLUTIONS WE HAD TODAY
AND REALLY AUGMENT PEOPLE'S
ABILITIES TO DO THEIR WORK
FASTER, TO DRIVE INNOVATION IN
NEW WAYS, SO I THINK IMPACT
WILL BE QUITE WIDESPREAD.
THERE WILL BE PRODUCTIVITY
IMPACTS THAT WE ARE ALREADY
SEEING, AND THERE WILL ALSO BE
NEW INNOVATION THAT WE ARE
ALREADY SEEING AND THAT WE WILL
SEE MORE OF, BUT I THINK EACH
INDUSTRY AS WE LOOK AT THOSE
REALLY DOES HAVE IMPLICATIONS
FOR WHAT TYPE OF SKILL SETS
WILL BE NEEDED.
YOU NEED BOTH THE TECHNOLOGY AS
WELL AS THE CREATIVE AND
INNOVATIVE PART OF THE HUMAN
WORKFORCE WE HAVE TODAY. PAUL:
THANKS SO MUCH FOR JOINING US,
BREAKING DOWN THAT REPORT ON AI
FOR US.
IF YOU ARE A SUBSCRIBER AND YOU
WANT TO REWATCH THAT INTERVIEW,
YOU CAN DO SO VIA OUR
INTERACTIVE TV FUNCTION, TV
<GO>.
YOU CAN ALSO BECOME PART OF THE
CONVERSATION BY SENDING US
INSTANT MESSAGES.
PLENTY MORE AHEAD.
THIS IS BLOOMBERG.
PAUL:
LET'S GET TO SOME GLOBAL NEWS
THIS MORNING.
THE AUSTRALIAN PRIME MINISTER
SAYS HE WILL MEET WITH
PRESIDENT TRUMP NEXT MONTH IN
WASHINGTON.
THAT IS MONTHS AFTER A PLAN
SET-DOWN ON THE SIDELINES OF
THE G-SEVEN MEETING IN CANADA
WAS CANCELED DUE TO ISRAEL'S
CONFLICT WITH IRAN.
HE HAD COME UNDER POLITICAL
PRESSURE OVER HIS FAILURE TO
SECURE A FACE TO FACE MEETING
ALMOST NINE MONTHS AFTER
TRUMP'S RETURN TO THE WHITE
HOUSE.
THE SOUTH KOREAN PRESIDENT SAYS
HIS COUNTRY IS COMMITTED TO
DE-ESCALATING TENSIONS WITH
NORTH KOREA IN HIS ADDRESS TO
THE UNITED NATIONS GENERAL
ASSEMBLY.
HE PLEDGED TO RESTORE TRUST AS
HE WORKS TOWARD A NEW ERA WITH
PYONGYANG, ONE THAT HE SAYS
WILL LEAD TO A NEW GROWTH FOR
BOTH SIDES.
>> DEMOCRATIC KOREA WILL BEGIN
A NEW JOURNEY TOWARD PEACEABLE
COEXISTENCE AND SHARED GROWTH
ON THE KOREAN PENINSULA.
THE FIRST STEP WILL BE TO
RESTORE BROKEN INTER-KOREAN
TRUST AND SHIFT TO A STANCE OF
MUTUAL RESPECT. PAUL:
LET'S CHECK IN ON HOW MARKETS
ARE TRACKING AT THE MOMENT.
YOU ARE LOOKING AT KOREAN
DEFENSE STOCKS, OUTPERFORMING
THE BROADER KOSPI, WHICH IS OFF
BY ABOUT 1% WITH DEFENSE STOCKS
HAVING A PRETTY GOOD DAY.
WE HAD REMARKS FROM PRESIDENT
TRUMP AT THE UNITED NATIONS
GENERAL ASSEMBLY, SOME QUITE
HAWKISH REMARKS SAYING NATO
NATIONS SHOULD SHOOT DOWN
RUSSIAN AIRCRAFT THAT VIOLATE
THEIR AIRSPACE.
HE ALSO EXPRESSED A MUCH MORE
SYMPATHETIC TONE ON UKRAINE'S
CHANCES OF WINNING THE WAR.
WE ARE SEEING KOREAN DEFENSE
STOCKS RALLY IN ON THAT
RHETORIC FROM PRESIDENT TRUMP.
WE HAVE PLENTY MORE AHEAD.
THIS IS BLOOMBERG.
♪
PAUL: 11:29 A.M. IN TOKYO.
WE WILL HAVE JAPANESE MARKETS
GOING ON BREAK SHORTLY.
WE HAVE JGB TRADERS HEDGING
SALES AHEAD OF THE 40 YEAR
OPTION ON THURSDAY.
THERE'S BEEN A LOT OF INTEREST
AROUND THESE LONGER DATED DEBT
AUCTIONS IN JAPAN.
THE YEN MEANWHILE, NOT A LOT OF
CHANGE, 147.76.
THE NIKKEI OFTEN BY -- OFF BY
4/10 OF 1%.
WE HAVE HEARD FROM PRESIDENT
TRUMP AT THE U.N.
GENERAL ASSEMBLY TAKING AIM AT
CHINA AND INDIA FOR BEING THE
PRIMARY BACK AS OF RUSSIA'S WAR
AGAINST UKRAINE. PRES. TRUMP:
CHINA AND INDIA ARE THE PRIMARY
FUNDERS OF THE ONGOING WAR BY
CONTINUING TO PURCHASE RUSSIAN
OIL, BUT INEXCUSABLY EVEN NATO
COUNTRIES HAVE NOT CUT OFF MUCH
RUSSIAN ENERGY.
PAUL:
PRESIDENT TRUMP ALSO STRUCK A
MORE OPTIMISTIC TONE ON
UKRAINE'S CHANCES OF WINNING
THE WAR, SAYING HE THINKS KYIV
IS POISED TO RECLAIM LOST
TERRITORY.
HE SAID NATO NATIONS SHOULD
SHOOT DOWN RUSSIAN JETS THAT
BREACH THEIR AIRSPACE.
THESE COMMENTS, AFTER SEVERAL
INCURSIONS THAT ALARMED
RUSSIA'S NEIGHBORS.
OUR NEWS DESK EDITOR JOINS US
WITH MORE ON THIS.
I WANT TO START FIRST WITH THE
PRESIDENT'S REMARKS ON THE
UKRAINE'S HOPES GOING FORWARD
IN THIS WAR, SOMETHING OF A
REVERSAL FROM THEIR FIRST
MEETING IN THE WHITE HOUSE
WHICH DID NOT GO TERRIBLY WELL.
BALAZS: IT IS A PRETTY STRIKING
CONTRAST SINCE THAT VERY
MEMORABLE WHITE HOUSE MEETING.
AS PRESIDENT ZELENSKYY OF
UKRAINE SAID, IT WAS A BIT OF A
SURPRISE TO HEAR THIS FROM
PRESIDENT TRUMP, ALTHOUGH THIS
HAS BEEN THE DIRECTION OF
TRAVEL FROM THE U.S.
PRESIDENT EVER SINCE THAT
SUMMIT IN ANCHORAGE LAST MONTH
WHERE IT SEEMED LIKE HE HOPED
THERE WOULD BE A QUICK CHANCE
FOR PEACE TALKS BETWEEN RUSSIA
AND UKRAINE , BUT THAT HAS NOT
MATERIALIZED.
IN FACT, RUSSIA HAS BECOME MORE
AGGRESSIVE IN ITS ATTACKS.
YOU REMEMBER THE DRONE
INCURSION INTO POLAND NOT LONG
AGO, FOR EXAMPLE, SO IT SEEMS
LIKE THE PRESIDENT IS
FRUSTRATED WITH PRESIDENT PUTIN
AND IS EXPRESSING THAT AND
GOING FURTHER.
THAT IS CERTAINLY SOMETHING
UKRAINE AND ITS EUROPEAN ALLIES
PROBABLY WERE DELIGHTED TO HEAR
FROM THE U.S. PRESIDENT. PAUL:
IN TERMS OF GOING FURTHER, THE
SUGGESTION THAT NATO SHOULD BE
ABLE TO SHOOT DOWN RUSSIAN
PLANES THAT VIOLATE AIRSPACE,
HOW DOES THAT RATE AND TERMS OF
POTENTIAL ESCALATION? BALAZS:
SHOOTING DOWN A RUSSIAN PLANE
CERTAINLY WOULD COUNT AS
ESCALATION.
THE POLISH PRESIDENT, THAT WAS
THE FIRST TIME A NATO MEMBER
HAD TO ENGAGE WITH A RUSSIAN
MILITARY ASSET SINCE THE
BREAKOUT OF THE FULL-SCALE
INVASION IN 2022.
WE HAVE BEEN SEEING ESCALATORY
STEPS IN THAT DIRECTION.
I THINK ALL OF EUROPE IS
THINKING ABOUT HOW TO RESPOND
TO WHAT SEEMS LIKE AN
ESCALATING FREQUENCY OF RUSSIAN
INCURSIONS INTO THE AIRSPACE,
NOT JUST TO POLAND BUT PLACES
LIKE ESTONIA AND ROMANIA.
TO GET THAT SORT OF GUIDANCE
FROM THE U.S.
PRESIDENT IS CERTAINLY PUSHING
THEM IN ONE DIRECTION HOW THEY
MIGHT REACT IF THERE IS INDEED
ANOTHER AIRSPACE INCURSION, AND
HOW RUSSIA MIGHT REACT TO
SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
THAT REMAINS TO BE SEEN AND IS
A DIFFICULT QUESTION.
WE HEARD MARCO RUBIO TAKING A
MORE CONCILIATORY TONE, SAYING
NATO SHOULD NOT SHOOT DOWN
RUSSIAN PLANES UNLESS THEY ARE
ATTACKING, SO THERE SEEMS TO BE
A BALANCING ACT HAPPENING.
IT IS SOMETHING THAT NATO WILL
HAVE TO DEAL WITH, AND THAT
NATO COUNTRIES HAVE TO
CONTEMPLATE. PAUL:
NEWS DESK EDITOR THERE IN HONG
KONG.
THE ESTONIAN PRIME MINISTER
SAYS NATO WILL BE READY TO
RESPOND IF RUSSIAN FORCES
REPEAT A VIOLATION OF ITS
AIRSPACE.
HE SPOKE TO BLOOMBERG FROM THE
ESTONIAN CAPITAL.
>> NATO IS A COLLECTIVE
ORGANIZATION.
ALL OF OUR ALLIES ARE
RESPECTING EACH OTHER.
THIS WAS VERY VISIBLE.
IT HAS BEEN VISIBLE IN DIRECT
CONTEXT AND PRESS RELEASES
COMING FROM DIFFERENT SIDES.
NATO'S MEMBERS ARE BACKING EACH
OTHER, NOT ONLY WITH WORDS AM A
BUT WITH CAPABILITIES.
DIFFERENT CAPABILITIES COME
FROM OUR ALLIES.
>> FOLLOWING ON TO THE WAR IN
UKRAINE, THE SOURCE OF MUCH OF
THE ISSUES YOU ARE DEALING WITH
IN YOUR AIRSPACE, HE SAY THE
AIM OF THE RUSSIANS IS TO DRAW
ATTENTION AWAY FROM UKRAINE BY
FORCING NATO TO FOCUS MORE ON
THEIR OWN TERRITORIES.
HOW DO YOU PREVENT THAT FROM
HAPPENING AND KEEPING THE FOCUS
ON UKRAINE?
>> IT'S QUITE SIMPLE.
THE FIRST THING IS TO REVEAL
RUSSIA'S INTENT, BECAUSE
RUSSIA'S INTENT IS QUITE
OBVIOUS . NATO MEMBERS SHOULD BE
CONCERNED WITH THEIR OWN
TERRITORIES, NOT THINKING ABOUT
UKRAINE. THAT IS QUITE SIMPLE.
RUSSIA'S SHADOW FLEET ON
BANKING AND ALSO ASSISTANCE TO
UKRAINE, THESE WOULD BE ALSO
PART OF A SYMMETRICAL RESPONSE
TO RUSSIA'S STEPS.
>> THE EU SAYS THEY HOPE TO BAN
THE DELIVERY OF RUSSIAN LNG
INTO THE EUROPEAN UNION BY THE
END OF NEXT YEAR.
IS THAT TOO FAR AWAY?
SHOULD THEY BE BANNING THAT
EARLIER AND SHOULD THERE BE A
MORE ACTIVE CONVERSATION IN
EUROPE OF BANNING RUSSIAN OIL
AND PIPELINE GAS THAT IS STILL
PERMITTED TO GO INTO THE
EUROPEAN UNION?
>> QUITE FRANKLY TO MY TASTE,
THE SOONER THE BETTER.
THE SYSTEMATIC RESPONSE HAS
ALWAYS BEEN THE LESS PRECIOUS
-- [INDISCERNIBLE]
AND ALSO TO HAVE THIS KIND OF
OPERATIONS AND STEPPING ON THE
BORDERS OF NATO.
THE SOONER IT HAPPENS, THE
BETTER.
OUR POSITION IS THE SOONER IT
HAPPENS THE BETTER. PAUL:
THAT IS THE ESTONIAN PRIME
MINISTER SPEAKING WITH
BLOOMBERG.
LET'S TAKE A LOOK AT OUR
ALIBABA SHARES OUTPERFORMING AT
THE MOMENT.
WE HEARD FROM THE CEO.
HE'S BEEN SPEAKING AT AN EVENT,
TALKING ABOUT AI, AND SAYS
ALIBABA INTENDS TO INCREASE ITS
INVESTMENT IN AI INFRASTRUCTURE.
BABA SHARES UP BY 3%.
EARLIER WE HEARD ARK INVESTMENT
MAKING ITS FIRST INVESTMENTS IN
ALIBABA AND ABOUT FOUR YEARS TO
THE TUNE OF $60 MILLION MADE IT
FUNDS TIED TO ITS ETF.
WE HAVE MORE AHEAD.
THIS IS BLOOMBERG.
PAUL: JUST WANT TO UPDATE YOU ON
WHAT'S BEEN GOING ON IN THE U.S.
AROUND THE FREEDOM OF SPEECH
DEBATE.
JIMMY KIMMEL GOT HIS JOB BACK
ON HIS TALK SHOW, BUT WE ARE
GETTING A RESPONSE FROM
PRESIDENT TRUMP, POSTING ON
TRUTH SOCIAL "I CAN'T BELIEVE
ABC FAKE NEWS GAVE JIMMY KIMMEL
HIS JOB BACK.
SOMETHING HAPPENED BETWEEN THEN
AND NOW.
HIS TALENT WAS NEVER THERE."
A FAIRLY STANDARD RESPONSE FROM
THE PRESIDENT, BUT JIMMY KIMMEL
WILL BE BACK ON THE AIR.
MORE PUTTING THE NETWORK IN
JEOPARDY. MORE REMARKS.
HE SAYS "WE THINK WE WILL TEST
ABC OUT ON THIS"
AS WELL, SUGGESTING PERHAPS THE
SAGA NOT QUITE OVER YET.
"LET'S SEE HOW WE DO."
THAT IS PRESIDENT TRUMP
RESPONDING TO JIMMY KIMMEL
GETTING HIS TALK SHOW JOB BACK
AGAIN.
OTHER NEWS THAT WE HAVE THIS
MORNING, THE RESERVE BANK OF
NEW ZEALAND HAS GOT A NEW
GOVERNOR.
IT IS ANNA BREMAN, THE FIRST
WOMAN TO HOLD THE ROLE.
SHE WAS THE FIRST, OR STILL IS
THE FIRST DEPUTY GOVERNOR OF
SWEDEN'S RANK BANK.
SHE WILL START HER TERM AT THE
RBNZ, THE FIRST FOR APPOINTMENT
SINCE WAY BACK IN 1934.
YOU SEE ANNA BREMAN INTRODUCED
AS THE NEW GOVERNOR OF THE
RESERVE BANK OF NEW ZEALAND.
SHE SAID THE RESERVE BANK WILL
REMAIN LASER FOCUSED ON IS LOW
AND STABLE INFLATION UNDER HER
LEADERSHIP.
CHINA IS SAID TO BE COURTING
FOREIGN SOVEREIGN GOLD RESERVES
IN A BID TO STRENGTHEN ITS
STANDING IN THE BULLION MARKET.
FOR MORE ON THIS STORY, LET'S
GET TO OUR CHIEF NORTH ASIAN
CORRESPONDENT STEPHEN ENGLE.
CHINA AIMING TO BECOME A
CUSTODIAN OF FOREIGN GOLD
RESERVE SPIRIT HOW IS THAT
GOING TO WORK? STEPHEN:
THEY ARE NOT SAYING ANYTHING AT.
WE ARE GETTING THIS FROM GOOD
SOURCES TELLING BLOOMBERG NEWS
THAT CHINA IS IN THE PROCESS OF
BUILDING UP THIS CUSTODIANSHIP
OF BULLION BY COURTING CENTRAL
BANKS OF SO-CALLED FRIENDLIER
COUNTRIES TO CHINA.
SO THEN THOSE COUNTRIES COULD
BUY THAT BULLION AND STORE IT
IN CHINA.
IT IS AGAIN ANOTHER STEP IN
WHAT CHINA IS TRYING TO DO,
DEEMPHASIZE AMERICA'S OUTSIZED
POSITION IN THE FINANCIAL WORLD
GLOBALLY, AND ALSO TAKE SOME OF
THE BUSINESS AWAY FROM THE
FINANCIAL CENTERS THAT DEAL IN
GOLD, LIKE THE U.K., LIKE
SWITZERLAND, LIKE THE UNITED
STATES.
WE'VE SEEN THE TREND, PAUL.
ESSENTIALLY CENTRAL BANKS
AROUND THE WORLD HAVE BEEN
BUYING UP GOLD CONSIDERABLY FOR
THEIR RESERVES.
THE PBOC IS NO EXCEPTION.
THEY PURCHASED FOR 10
CONSECUTIVE MONTHS.
THAT IS PARTLY DUE TO THOSE
RISES IN PRICES GLOBALLY OVER
THE LAST COUPLE YEARS, RISING
TO RECORDS PAST $3700 AN OUNCE.
PAUL:
WITH THIS ANNOUNCEMENT, COULD
WE POTENTIALLY SEE ANY IMPACT
ON GOLD PRICES?
IS THERE ANY HOPE OF TRYING TO
CHALLENGE SOME OF THESE
TRADITIONAL HUMPS IN TERMS OF
THEIR POSITION -- HUBS IN TERMS
OF THEIR POSITION AS
TRADITIONAL STORAGE HUBS?
STEPHEN:
RIGHT NOW, NO, BUT THE TREND
CAN BECOME SOMETHING LONG-TERM
OBVIOUSLY.
THE BANK OF ENGLAND IS NUMBER
ONE WITH ABOUT 5000 TONS OF THE
WORLD'S GOLD RESERVES, WORTH
NEARLY 600 BILLION U.S. DOLLARS.
CHINA HAS A LITTLE LESS THAN
HALF OF THAT, RANKING NUMBER
FIVE.
BY THE TRENDS, THEY COULD MOVE
UP THE RANKINGS.
WHAT IS INTERESTING AS WELL,
GOLDMAN SACHS PUT OUT A NOTE.
THEY PREDICT THAT GOLD COULD
HIT $5,000 AN OUNCE, JUST 1% OF
THE PRIVATELY HELD TREASURY
HOLDINGS SWITCHED INTO GOLD
INTO THEIR RESERVES.
THAT COULD BE A HUGE BOON TO
THAT GOLD PRICE.
WE ARE NOT NECESSARILY SEE IN
THEM YET, BUT IT'S SOMETHING
CHINA IS POSITIONING ITSELF
RIGHT NOW.
IT'S BEEN UNDER WORKS FOR
SEVERAL MONTHS ACCORDING TO THE
SOURCES, AND ALREADY THEY ARE
SAYING AT LEAST ONE FRIENDLY
COUNTRY IN SOUTH EAST ASIA HAS
EXPRESSED CONSIDERABLE INTEREST
IN DOING WHAT THEY ARE
PROPOSING, AND THAT IS THE
CUSTODIANSHIP OF GOLD IN THE
SHANGHAI GOLD EXCHANGE. PAUL:
STEPHEN ENGLE THERE.
LET'S LOOK AT OTHER HEADLINES
COMING OUT OF CHINA THIS
MORNING.
CHINA SAYS IT WILL STOP SEEKING
SPECIAL BENEFITS RESERVED FOR
DEVELOPING NATIONS AT THE WTO.
THE PREMIER ANNOUNCED IT IN NEW
YORK, REMOVING A KEY STICKING
POINT WITH THE U.S.
THE WTO CHIEF PRAISED BEIJING'S
DECISION AS A RESULT OF YEARS
OF EFFORT.
CRITICS SAY THE STEP MAY BE
LARGELY SYMBOLIC AND COMES
YEARS TOO LATE.
CHINA'S CYBERSPACE WATCHDOG
REPORTEDLY SUMMONED'S BYTEDANCE
-- SUMMONED BYTEDANCE'S NEW
PLATFORM OVER INAPPROPRIATE
CONTENT.
THEY ORDERED THE SITE TO
RECTIFY THE PROBLEM WITHIN A
SET TIME LIMIT.
THEY SAY THEY SET UP A TASK
FORCE TO REVIEW STANDARDS, CURB
IMPROPER CONTENT AND BOOST
TRANSPARENCY, PLEDGING TO
MAINTAIN A HEALTHY ONLINE
ENVIRONMENT.
WE ARE KEEPING AN EYE ON
CHINESE LIVESTREAMING STOCKS
THIS MORNING.
REGULATORS SAY THEY ARE
PREPARING TO UNVEIL A NEW RULES
FOR E-COMMERCE SITES.
THEY SAY THE MOVE WILL BE
BETTER AIMED AT PRESERVING
CONSUMER RIGHTS AND REIN IN
PRACTICES SUCH AS DECEPTIVE
MARKETING AND SELLING FAKE
PRODUCTS.
CHINA VANKA IS SKIPPING
INTEREST ON SOME PRIVATE DEBT
AND SEEKING TO CUT BORROWING
COSTS ON TENS OF BILLIONS OF
YUAN IN DEBT TO ABOUT 3%.
THAT IS DOWN FROM MORE THAN 4%.
THE MOVE HIGHLIGHTS VANKE'S
FRAGILE FINANCES AS IT FACES A
WALL OF MATURITIES, DESPITE
EARLIER STATE SUPPORT.
TETHER HOLDINGS IS SAID TO BE
IN TALKS TO RAISE AS MUCH AS
$20 BILLION.
THE CRYPTO FIRM IS SEEKING THE
FUNDS FOR A ROUGHLY 3% STAKE
THROUGH A PRIVATE PLACEMENT.
THEY COULD VALUE THE ISSUE OF
THE WORLD'S LARGEST STABLECOIN
AT ABOUT HALF $1 TRILLION,
RANKING IT AMONG THE WORLD'S
MOST VALUABLE PRIVATE COMPANIES.
PLENTY MORE AHEAD.
THIS IS BLOOMBERG.
♪
PAUL: LET'S TAKE YOU BACK TO NEW
YORK.
THE YUAN GENERAL ASSEMBLY IS
UNDERWAY.
EARLIER WE DID HEAR FROM
PRESIDENT TRUMP, WHO DELIVERED
QUITE A LONG AND COLORFUL
SPEECH, AS WE HAVE BECOME
ACCUSTOMED TO.
HE HAD SOME PROBLEM WITH THE
TELEPROMPTER AS WELL.
THAT IS A DIFFERENT ISSUE.
TRUMP BASICALLY ATTACKED THE UN
IN ITS OWN HOUSE AND SAID
COUNTRIES NEED A STRONGER
BORDERS AND TRADITIONAL ENERGY
SOURCES TO BE GREAT, ACCUSING
COUNTRIES THAT DON'T HAVE THOSE
THINGS OF GOING TO HELL, AND
THAT IS A QUOTE.
HE ALSO SAID CLIMATE CHANGE WAS
A HOAX AND EVERYONE SAYS I
SHOULD GET THE NOBEL PEACE
PRIZE FOR HIS EFFORTS IN ENDING
WARS.
HE ALSO HAD REMARKS AROUND
UKRAINE, HOWEVER, EXPECTING --
HOWEVER, EXPRESSING OPTIMISM
UKRAINE COULD GET BACK ALL THE
TERRITORY IS LOST THUS FAR
AGAINST RUSSIA AND SAYING NATO
COUNTRIES SHOULD BE SHOOTING
DOWN ANY RUSSIAN JETS THAT MAKE
INCURSIONS INTO THEIR TERRITORY.
THAT IS THE LATEST FROM THE U.N.
GENERAL ASSEMBLY IN NEW YORK.
OTHER NEWS WE ARE WATCHING THIS
MORNING, THE EUROPEAN UNION AND
INDONESIA SECURITY TRADE DEAL
THAT WILL ELIMINATE TARIFFS ON
MOST GOODS.
OFFICIALS SIGNED THE DEAL KNOWN
AS A COMPREHENSIVE ECONOMIC
PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT.
THIS CONCLUDES NEARLY A DECADE
OF TALKS.
THE AGREEMENT WILL SAVE
EUROPEAN EXPORTERS ABOUT $700
MILLION IN TARIFFS.
THE OECD SAYS THE GLOBAL
ECONOMY IS STILL ON COURSE FOR
A SUBSTANTIAL HEAD FROM
PRESIDENT TRUMP'S TRADE
MEASURES DESPITE SHOWING
GREATER RESILIENCE THAN
EXPECTED IN RECENT MONTHS.
THE ORGANIZATION LOWERED ITS
2026 GLOBAL GROWTH OUTLOOK TO
TWO POINT 9% FROM 3.2% THIS
YEAR.
IT ALSO SEES SLOWER EXPANSIONS
IN THE U.S., EURO AREA, AND
CHINA.
THE OECD NOTES THE FULL IMPACT
OF U.S.
TARIFFS HAS YET TO BE FELT.
>> THE TARIFF STOCK IS BRINGING
MORE INFLATIONARY PRESSURES IN
MANY COUNTRIES, SO WE EXPECT
THERE WILL BE ADDITIONAL PRICE
IMPACTS FOR FIRMS NOT ONLY IN
THE U.S.
BUT OTHER PARTS OF THE WORLD.
I THINK THE OVERALL PICTURE IS
ONE IN WHICH YOU HAVE
ADDITIONAL INFLATIONARY
PRESSURES FROM TARIFFS. PAUL:
LET'S GET MORE ON SUPER TIGHT
-- SUPER- RAGASA.
AUTHORITIES IN TAIWAN SAY IT
KILLED 14 TUESDAY WHEN IT
STRUCK THE ISLAND.
THEY SAY ANOTHER 34 PEOPLE WERE
INJURED, AS 124 PEOPLE REPORTED
MISSING.
HEAVY RAIN CAUSED A BARRIER
LAKE TO OVERFLOW WITH TORRENTS
OF MUDDY WATER DESTROYING A
BRIDGE AND TURNING ROADS INTO
TURNING RIVERS THAT CARRIED --
CHURNING RIVERS THAT CARRIED
VEHICLES AWAY.
THAT STORM IS LASHING HONG KONG
AND SOUTHERN CHINA.
IT COULD BE THE MOST DAMAGING
TYPHOON IN SEVEN YEARS.
WHAT IS THE LATEST?
IS THE WORST OVER, OR IS IT
STILL RAGING OUTSIDE? DANNY:
THE STORM GOT AS CLOSE AS 100
KILOMETERS TO THE FINANCIAL HUB.
IT IS MOVING TO THE SOUTHWEST
NOW, AROUND 140 KILOMETERS AWAY.
IT IS STILL PACKING A CATEGORY
311 -- STILL PACKING CATEGORY
THREE EQUIVALENT HURRICANE
WINDS, BUT WE ARE STILL SEEING
THE FULL FORCE OF THE STORM.
OVERNIGHT THE STORM ARRIVED
WITH SUCH FEROCITY, IF YOU WERE
IN A TALL BUILDING OR A
RESIDENTIAL SPACE, YOU COULD
HEAR THE HOWLING WINDS,
BUILDINGS SWAYING FROM SIDE TO
SIDE.
THAT FEROCITY WAS KEEPING ME UP
AT NIGHT.
IT WAS A PRETTY DIFFICULT NIGHT.
SO FAR THE HOWLING WINDS AND
DAMAGING GUSTS CONTINUE.
BUT WE HAVE NOT HEARD TOO MANY
REPORTS OF DAMAGE YET.
STILL HARD TO ASSESS AT THIS
STAGE. OVER THE LAST 24 HOURS, I
EXPECTED FALLING TREES, AND
SOME INJURIES HAVE BEEN
REPORTED, BUT WHEN YOU LOOK AT
THE BROADER IMPACT, HONG KONG
STILL CONTINUES TO A LESSER
DEGREE. MARKETS STILL OPEN.
WE HAVE REPORTED THAT BANKERS
HAVE BEEN WORKING FROM HOME, OR
THEY ARE IN THE OFFICES TODAY
CONTINUING TO TRADE BECAUSE
THEY ARE BEING PUT UP IN LUXURY
HOTELS.
WHETHER THAT IS A BENEFIT OR A
DOWN SIDE THE HONG KONG
EXCHANGE, KEEPING MARKETS OPEN
AFTER CONTINUING THE RULES LAST
YEAR DUE TO TRYING TO KEEP THE
MARKETS OPEN DURING STORMS.
LOTS OF IMPACT AROUND HONG KONG
AND SOME OF CHINA TODAY. PAUL:
CAN YOU TALK ABOUT THE IMPACT
ON TRANSPORTATION AND TRAVEL AS
WELL? WHAT IS HAPPENING AT THE
AIRPORT? DANNY:
FOR NOT JUST HONG KONG AIRPORT
BUT NEIGHBORING CHANGE IN,
QUANDO, A TOTAL OF 5000 FLIGHTS
OVER TODAY, WEDNESDAY AND
YESTERDAY HAVE BEEN CANCELED.
THAT IS EQUIVALENT TO FOUR DAYS
WORTH OF FLIGHTS OUT OF
HEATHROW AIRPORT, SO IT IS A
HUGE IMPACT ACROSS A WIDE AREA.
IT WILL BE A CHALLENGING ONE
FOR AIRLINES TO RECOVER OVER
THE NEXT 24, 48 HOURS.
IT'S ALSO A PARTICULARLY
AUSPICIOUS TIME BECAUSE OF THE
FEROCITY OF THIS STORM.
TODAY IS CATHAY PACIFIC'S 79TH
BIRTHDAY, BUT NOT A GOOD ONE
GIVEN THE STORM HAS CLOSED HONG
KONG AIRPORT FOR 36 HOURS.
AS THE STORM DOES MOVE THROUGH
THE AIRPORT, HONG KONG AND
NEIGHBORING AIR FORCE WILL PICK
UP OPERATIONS FROM EARLY
TOMORROW MORNING, BUT IT WILL
BE A RECOVERY OPERATION THAT
WILL TAKE SOME TIME TO CLEAR.
PAUL:
DANNY LEE IN HONG KONG, THANKS
FOR JOINING US.
LET'S LOOK AT HOW MARKETS ARE
TRACKING AT THE MOMENT.
BUSINESS AS USUAL, ALTHOUGH
SOMEWHAT TRYING CIRCUMSTANCES.
WE SEE BIG GAINS FOR ALIBABA.
WE HEARD FROM THE CEO SPEAKING
AT THE ALICLOUD EVENT, TALKING
ABOUT ALIBABA'S PLANS TO RAISE
SPENDING ON AI ABOVE $50
MILLION.
WU SAYS THE COMPANY IS LOOKING
FORWARD TO BECOMING A FULL
STACK AI SERVICE PROVIDER
DURING HIS ADDRESS TO THE
CONFERENCE.
IN TOTAL SPENDING 53 BILLION
DOLLARS ON DEVELOPING AI MODELS
AND INFRASTRUCTURE OVER THE
NEXT THREE YEARS, ACTIVELY
PROCEEDING WITH A $380 MILLION
INVESTMENT IN AI INFRASTRUCTURE.
THE STOCK POWERING AHEAD BY
MORE THAN 4.3%.
WE'VE ALSO SEEN SOME BIG MOVES
FOR A NUMBER OF FOOD DELIVERY
PLATFORMS, INCLUDING MEITUAN.
THIS IS ON NEWS THAT WE HEARD
FROM CCTV THAT CHINA WAS
RELEASING DRAFT RULES TO
REGULATE FOOD DELIVERY
PLATFORMS. IT'S GOING TO BE
FOCUSING ON THEIR FEES,
PROMOTIONS, AND SAFETY.
THE INTENTION IS TO HOLD PRICE
WARS AND FORCE SUBSIDIES THAT
SQUEEZE MERCHANT PROFITS, ALSO
INTRODUCING LOAD ORDER WARNINGS
TO AVOID OVERBOOKING DURING
PEAK TIMES.
LET'S ALSO TAKE A LOOK AT CHINA
CHIP AND HUAWEI RELATED STOCKS.
MORGAN STANLEY UPGRADED ITS
VIEW ON THE CHINA SEMICONDUCTOR
SECTOR TO ATTRACTIVE, SAYING
DESPITE FACTORS LIKE RECIPROCAL
TARIFFS, THE RECENT ASIA FIELD
TRIP SUGGESTS AI DEMAND REMAINS
STRONG, BOTH GLOBALLY AND IN
CHINA.
THAT IS IT FOR THE CHINA SHOW.
"INSIGHT WITH HASLINDA AMIN"
IS NEXT. STAY WITH US.
THIS IS BLOOMBERG.